"What Labor/Greens idea will Scott Morrison implement today?  delusional "
"   Great job keeper  package from scott morrison but why exclude the most vulnerable. ......casual workers who work  who are predominantly woman with kids..... Australian companies rely on them so please tweet to press the government to  include them in some sort of pay"
"    Yeah. I think Scott Morrison and his govt actually mentioned herd immunity a few times after the UK govt dumped the plan and it took us so long to start taking measures. I stopped gym a few weeks before they closed. Id only just rejoined after smoggy summer."
"Australia PM calls the Pacific our 'family'; Covid-19 is Australia's chance to prove that  "
"Great job keeper  package from scott morrison but why exclude the most vulnerable. ......casual workers who work  who are predominantly woman with kids..... Australian companies rely on them so please tweet to press the government to  include them in some sort of payment....."
"  Great job keeper  package from scott morrison but why exclude the most vulnerable. ......casual workers who work  who are predominantly woman with kids..... Australian companies rely on them so please tweet to press the government to  include them in some sort"
"Only in the last few days have we seen reports of the Solomon Islands government obtaining assistance from China to carry out Covid-19 tests locally rather than sending samples to Australia.    "
"  Great job keeper  package from scott morrison but why exclude the most vulnerable. ......casual workers who work  who are predominantly woman with kids..... Australian companies rely on them so please tweet to press the government to  include them in some sort of payment"
"Great job keeper  package from scott morrison but why exclude the most vulnerable. ......casual workers who work  who are predominantly woman with kids..... Australian companies rely on them so please tweet to press the government to  include them in some sort of payment"
"A few days ago, Scott Morrison announced a six-month moratorium on rental evictions during the  coronavirus pandemic.   Here's how to adjust rent, apply credits and schedule discounts in PropertyMe, with COVID-19 example scenarios.  realestateau "
"The most accurate &amp; profound political comment I have ever heard  Gough Whitlams Apprentices -   Bob Hawke, Paul Keating - Nation Builders  John Howards Spawn -   Tony Abbot, Scott Morrison - Nation Dividers   auspol "
"  Scott Morrison, the Prime Minister of Australian has used the coronavirus opportunity to close down the National parliament until August against the wishes of elected Ministers who voted against it.  Now an executive only decision making body &amp; group Chaired by a mining executive"
"  Oh wait, sorry apparently the partner thing was another state because it's not listed in NSW although it could count as care? "
"  By putting Scott Morrison in it. And why would you be promoting someone who is not qualified and does not speak on behalf of the government.  The ABC does more harm than good.   defundtheabc"
"                                          Took a while to even track down a photo of me     "
"  Scott Morrison   My Family says the Prime Minister of Australia Scott Morrison is doing a great job in the  COVID19au Pandemic . 330 Billion spent already Private and Government Hospitals joined forces .Work from Home is working . Hopefully Free Electricity Nationwide 1 day"
"""if we do not make the Pacific Step Up a Covid-19 Step Up, our Pacific friends will look to other nations to assist them in their time of crisis"" - Australia's shadow minister for the Pacific calls for a Step Up in support for Pacific island nations. "
"Great job keeper  package from scott morrison but why exclude the most vulnerable. ......casual workers who work  who are predominantly woman with kids..... Australian companies rely on them so please tweet to press the government to  include them in some sort of payment..... "
"Daniel Andrews pleased social distancing starting to have effect but warns: ""If people do the wrong thing, then we will see this virus spread more rapidly. We will see the health system overrun, and we will, sadly, see many, many people die.""    "
"  This is not America and we can do without this, thanks. Faith is a personal thing and while Scott Morrison may personally agree with one particular belief, the office of the PM should not be supporting one faith over others.  auspol"
"Lack of support for temporary visa holders is an immediate humanitarian, social and health crisis. Scott Morrison please extend COVID-19 relief packages to temporary visa holders. Sign my petition!  via    noworkerleftbehind  wagesubsidyforall"
"Dan Tehan has promised an update on the childcare issue in the coming days, but in the meantime, the sector says it is under extreme stress, as scores of parents pull their children out of centres, which are being made to stay open. "
"We absolutely stand by the tax cuts we legislated for the future.  ...just like we ""absolutely"" refused to countenance wage subsidies."
"Scott Morrison: Make NURSES yearly registration FREE for 2020.  via  "
"Scott Morrison   Scott Morrison when are you going to explain to Australian people  why you let this virus into Australia when you had plenty of time to stop it spreading in  Australia or were you just taking advice from your mates like Donald Trump"
"be careful why you wish for - Scott Morrison, March 2020"
"It's April 01, 2020 at 10:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"In a leaked video, PM Scott Morrison leads a fundamentalist Christian group in prayer from his office and commits Australia to God. Where is the separation between Church and State in our supposedly  secular nation?  auspol  EndReligiousPrivilege "
"Scott Morrison Announces National Passenger Rail proposal for Australia   Canberra  Australia  Rail "
"Scott Morrison Announces National Passenger Rail proposal for Australia   news  rail  trains "
"One statement by Prime Minister Scott Morrison all Christians can agree on "
"Australia Coronavirus Live Updates:   Australian death toll rises to 20 (a 95-year-old NSW woman) as pop-up clinic established in Bondi  Latest News   "
"Scott Morrison Thanks PM Scott Morrison and team. Truly proud of all of your efforts during this time. Keep up the good work."
"  scott lobdell (specifically his generation x run); phil jimenez (wonder woman); cutie grant morrison; fraction; hickman; and the king of them all kieron gillen. i dont always get his writting cause he is just so intelligent and deep but he makes me think and learn."
"      Yeah.  And how about that Scott Morrison bloke, not even 10 days ago, telling us there was nothing to worry about and we should go to the footy. That would have cost lives."
"Scott Morrison Yes when heaps of ppl will be destitute by May 1. Something the Scott Morrison Does Well is Drag things out until ppl are depressed confused or have lost all.Poor Poor Aussies,this Gronk of a PM is Useless."
"Maybe Scott Morrison is always so slow on the uptake with help because after helping Australian humans in need its only a small step to helping international humans *ahem* refugees."
"  *Breaking* Peter Dutton &amp; Scott Morrison in a bright yellow dinghy enroute to international waters to rescue all blonde haired Au pairs. Cruise ships will be turned around &amp; towed back to place of origin.  LNP -We're stopping the boats!"
"This nails something great about Aussie culture.  It's up there with the firefighter's ""Tell Scott Morrison to go fuck himself"". "
" Insiders panellist   writes every day that passes during the  coronavirus crisis brings a new wonder  InsidersReading  auspol  "
"Scott Morrison Plz include causuals too. As we have many of them. Plz don't let anyone miss this. Welldone dear scott Morrison"
"Scott Morrison my A. You can see the trolls have been all over this in the last 2 days. Dr Norman Swan was on 90+%  "
"The principles for the $130bn wage subsidy scheme were settled on the evening of Thursday, March 26, in Scott Morrisons office over dinner. "
"Year of wonders: ""governments behaving in a way that [doesn't] necessarily serve their immediate ... political constituencies"", because ""successful democratic decision-making always involves someone  sometimes, everyone  stepping down a bit""  via  "
"Just stop it. Scott Morrison "
"It is NOT anything close to a military enforced lockdown. I have seen those rumours on social media, and this isnt that. "
"Hollow words from a man ready to watch Pacific islands sink  for the sake of coal mining!  backstabber Scott Morrison calls the Pacific our 'family'; Covid-19 is Australia's chance to prove that "
"Katter is calling for the lockdown because of Coronavirus, but he has wanted to annexe north Queensland from the rest of the state since Joh was in power. "
"A special working group has been set up between NBN providers to keep the network working as everyone self-isolates.  Perhaps Malcolm's string &amp; tin system wasn't quite up to scratch then...."
"We absolutely stand by the tax cuts we legislated for the future.  Excuse me, but aren't the cuts a large part of why we find ourselves in such a dire situation right now? "
"It's April 01, 2020 at 09:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"Found in response to   latest at  7 Apr 1928: 'Google', The Labor Daily,  "
" FreeKylie Please, just take 2 minutes to watch this with compassion in your heart Sign the petition  Then share it as far and wide as you can, with as many people as you can Time is running out Please  actnow4kylie "
"Scomo gets on navy ship to press nuclear explosion button, Angus taylor says"" scomo just enacted satan entering his dick curse here he comes, the wholey  dick satan entering  the world through  scott morrison dick  auspol LNP victory"
"   article! Thanks for being a voice of common sense, reason and perspective at this time.  COVID19au"
"  The state laws are what applies.  Scott Morrison can only express intent.  He has no direct authority.   Theres a PDF of the proclamation. Its pretty clear."
"  Scott Morrison is a blank canvas - no actual ideas - lots of cunning and guile but no actual ideas. Why else would he believe what Dr Murphy the CMO was saying re schools. Rest of Aus knew it was wrong.  Perfect fodder for the Hillsong happy clappers."
"Our sector is in crisis. Tens of thousands of could lose their jobs if Scott Morrison continues to ignore tertiary education in his COVID-19 measures.  We need a jobs guarantee now.  SIGN the petition    CovidCampus  COVID19au "
"Scott Morrison has no idea, $750 2 every1 on CENTRELINK 2 help stimulate Australia economy rolled out yesterday n today. Now how r they going to stimulate the economy when everything is closed, So say goodbye to a package that has gone to the local drug dealers, alcohol n tobacco"
" Covid_19australia Melbourne Uni lecturer  KylieMooreGilbert is at great risk from  COVID19 in Evin prison, Iran Locked in isolation on false spying charges since Sept 2018 she has no contact with the outside world Please sign for her freedom  FreeKylie  "
"        You have information on ""the modelling"" Scott Morrison is using?Aus  border closed on 20th March 11 days ago.  Plane flew to Queenstown here last Saturday to pick up Australians returning home. Queenstown it seems is  Covid_19 capital of NZ"
"March 31st  via  "
"Coronavirus JobKeeper package shows the politicians you least expect can step out of Fight Club - ABC News "
"Scott Morrison: Suspend trade with China and make them accountable! - Firma la peticin!  via  "
"For your viewing displeasure, here is a low-effort meme that I made about the Prime Minister (Scott Morrison) and his response to the arrival of the Ruby Princess coronavirus-cruise ship.  CoronavirusPandemic "
"Scott Morrison: Suspend trade with China and make them accountable! - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"      This is not permission to forget that Greg Combet &amp; Sally McManus were the architects of the  Jobkeeper. Christian Porter &amp; Treasury were happy to go along with it but it took Scott Morrison a lot of convincing before he understood.   Thank you Greg &amp; Sally.   Sit down Josh."
"Remember this eveytime  ScottyFromHillsong has Press 'gathering'  I will not engage in  unfunded empathy~ Prime MinisterScott Morrison"
"Two border force officers test positive as Australian deaths rise to 19  as it happened.  COVID19 "
"Health Minister addresses Aspen pentacaustal spreaders who want  satan to  enter  out of  scott morrison  dick  to rule the world, all  praise the  satan scomo dick  hillsong affluent suburbs in Melbourne &amp; Sydney now have highest rates of infection, more than 35 cases  auspol"
"Australia coronavirus live updates: government commits $110m to seafood industry as pop-up clinic established in Bondi  latest news "
"  Just shows you how incompetent the Scott Morrison government is , totally out of there depth in a crisis."
"  Scott Morrison, great leaders make the hard decision that people might not like, rather than a leader who make no decisions. Kudos Scomo."
"  Yeah that tweet was stupid, but everyone was having fun and having a laugh at my expense; I guess It was funny until it was compared to a Scott Morrison press conference, and then I put the phone down and went to work and forgot all about it."
"                                                                                        Thanks   . Challenge accepted!           It's a challenge! Post pictures of you coaching and tag others to do the same! "
"why am i most likely going to get attacked by scott morrison supporters"
"Fantastic piece by Annabelle Crabb about the silver lining that is the political consensus that has emerged during this crisis &amp; how it demonstrates a capacity for cooperation on difficult issues of national significance going forward. "
"Analysis: For Scott Morrison  and the entire country  everything revolves around the dreaded curve "
"""The staff of Scott  Morrison have given him a new trophy to put on his desk, replacing the old one which depicted a small boat, and the slogan, I stopped these. The trophy is now of the Ruby Princess cruiseliner, and reads, But I didnt stop this.  COVID19Aus  nswpol  auspol "
"PM Scott Morrison goes for broke with $189b stimulus package for banks and businesses and $110 million to find COVID-19 cure "
"Later this week,I plan to announce a stimulus package in which our government will add over 100 billion dollars into the financial system to keep the flow of money intact. This attempt will help remedy some of the results of the coronavirus outbreak. "
"Scott Morrison step down and let someone that cares about us take control. You are killing thousands of Australians not enforcing a lockdown on the country. Disgusting.  Covid_19australia  coronavirusaustralia  COVID19"
"  as for not trusting Scott Morrison. he has done nothing to earn our trust. he was made leader of a party that did not expect the people to be so stupid to re elect them, now he holds the position of our PM he has not got a clue how to do the job he was elected to do."
"        I read Scott Morrisons children were conveniently sick so couldnt  go to school. My guess is  covid19au isolation."
"This guy needs to go yell at Australian PM Scott Morrison  coronavirus "
"    Scott Morrison is in control we going to be fine ? He told me to keep working whats actually the issue ? He keeps talking about Recession are we in shit ?"
"PMs massive new stimulus package  "
"Scott Morrison's coronavirus response revolves around the dreaded curve of COVID-19 infections - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)  via  "
"Scott Morrison: Government Stimulus to Save the Indoor Sports Industry in Australia - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"  Is it inappropriate?  Your government's response has been slow and reactive. What needs to be done is quite obvious from lessons learned already in other countries. Many Australians are going to lose everything because of your's and Scott Morrison's incompetence."
"            I always take health advice from a Pentecostal politician rather than a well regarded world expert in Infection &amp; Immunisation.    See Morrison's hero, Trump taking advice from his expert.  Good luck."
"Scott Morrison has taken his kids out of school. What do you think he really thinks? Children at schools where social isolation is impossible, theres no soap and the hand sanitiser pot was close to empty Friday, spread germs and take them home every night! Schools need to close"
"  Thank you for speaking out Andrew.  ShutTheSchoolsNow "
"Its  percent Scott Morrison hubris "
"  ""People in the regional areas are listening to Scott Morrison and Greg Hunt to accurately &amp; honestly report and often""? I don't know where you have been but it is certainly not in my neck of the woods"
"No restrictions on Telehealth consultations NOW - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"  The issue is Morrison sees belligerence as the answer for the integrity deficit. He is incapable of the changes required."
"  Put Scott Morrison's face on it too."
"Like plague in Athens in 430's BC By far the best synopsis of this crisis. Why won't state &amp; territories close the schools to cement this.  Scott Morrison needs to 'jolt and shock' public into social distancing | Sky News Australia "
"Scott Morrison Shut Our Schools - with full pay!  Covid19WalkOut  WalkOutSaveLives Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Morrison seems intent on showering business in money but is doing nothing directly to help workers in the demand side  auspol  insiders "
"Scott Morrison: Bring Aussies home from Peru - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"        2/ Dawn sharing clip, PM  Australia 2.14min ""Schools should remain open, health advice""   Fearful children getting sick  CoronaVirus spreading disease! Students  asthma immune attending school. Schools open tomorrow  prayers closed!   via  "
"  The Gov't message and planning is tainted by an economic focus. Morrison has claimed it's amedical crisis and yet only talks about economic solutions/stimulus."
"...Eligible enterprises will get a payment equal to 100% of the amount tax withheld, up to a maximum payment of $100,000, which can be used as a wage subsidy. In other words, it will be optional; they can just pocket it?  auspol  insiders "
"Money for business MUST be tied to evidence that employees have been retained!!  Also, threshold of $50 billion t/o MUST be reduced. These are not small businesses!!!  Scott Morrison to announce $66bn stimulus, including income support for workers  "
"Read this comment, and sign the petition. We need to keep our Doctors and nurses safe and slow the spread of this infection.  via  "
"Are Scott Morrisons kids currently being homeschooled?"
"This is the church Scott Morrison is a member of"
"    And you believe printing money out of thin air (at the expense of the taxpayer), and the subsequent debasement of the AUD is a positive move? This is a war on the Australian people, carried out by Scott Morrison at the behest of his central banking overlords.  plandemic  cashban"
"      Scott Morrison   Scott Morrison after Albo joins the si called war cabinet. "
" insiders Whilst travelling through 4 states of Australia over a period of 4 weeks one thing is certain. People in the regional areas are listening to Scott Morrison and Greg Hunt to accurately &amp; honestly report and often. Keep them in the loop."
"That damn Scott Morrison again, why wasnt he there (everywhere) to lead and say to fuckwits dont.... dont...... dont..... (anyone with a functioning brain can fill in the dots.) "
"I just learned that Australians refer to their PM, Scott Morrison as ""Scotty from Marketing"" and even though I'm American, I find that hilarious."
" auspol  coronavirusaustralia Scott Morrison: Freeze rents &amp; mortgages for the duration of Coronavirus - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"  Here's  ScottyFromMarketing talking about small business owners in 2018.    Now, he doesn't trust them.  HaveAGoGetAGo "
"We're on at 11.00am this morning due to a pending media conference from Scott Morrison.   Stay tuned    9AFLSFS | Today 11.00am AEDT "
"      In the immortal words of Bart Scott ""Can's Wait!"" Welcome to the Dolphins Mr. Jones.   FinsUp   Mark Morrison - Return of the Mack  via  "
"      Scott Morrison is still playing partisan politics he cannot help himself.. It is a disgrace that the opposition not represented and highlights that this government has no understanding of what leadership looks like."
"Scott Morrison to speak at 11."
"Is this a directive from PMO ? Everytime a news item (usually favorable)  is about the pm  its PM Scott Morrison . I might be wrong but dont recall any other PM always being named . We all know what the failures name is."
"  What an obnoxious grub. How dare she make lite of everyone's suffering  Oh well, good to know Scott Morrison has such incredible power "
"    Wouldn't have been if Scott Morrison was educated and acted quickly, instead of planning his holiday to America place Australians first, one disappointment after another with him."
"How good is announcing stimulus packages?  Can we PLEASE just have the first one before he announces the fucking third one?  PM Scott Morrison goes for broke with $189b stimulus package | The New Daily "
"  Scott Morrison Your 100% wrong. Scott Morrison is not a good communicator. He needs to become transparent &amp; release all the modelling of the potential impact of COVID-19. Then people will start to listen to him. At the moment Sky News are the only guys that listen to Morrison no else does."
"Scott Morrison: Schools/Childcare's/Colleges to be closed for indefinite period to stop spread of COVID19 - Sign the Petition!  via  "
" ScottyFromMarketing is a lying, untrustworthy, megalomaniacal charlatan. He always has been.  This   article from 2018 paints a very clear picture of ""the rise, duck and weave of Australia's no-fault prime minister"".    "
"It's March 22, 2020 at 10:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"More to come, but welcome signs boost to business with annual turnover &lt;$50m will include  charities as Prime Minister Scott Morrison set to announce second stimulus today.  Covid19au "
"Remember an epoch ago when Scott Morrison was gonna go to the NRL? That was last weekend."
"the idea that the budget deficit broke Scott Morrisons heart is about right. Unlike you know dead people. Unemployed people.  Insiders"
"Scott Morrison: Shut Our Schools - with full pay!  Covid19WalkOut  WalkOutSaveLives - Sign the Petition!    "
"The IPA has captured the Liberal Party We have been blaming Abbott, Hockey, Scott Morrison &amp; Peter Dutton for a long time, but they are just dupes of would-be intellectuals, who wouldn't know what the words mutual obligation meant. excerpt    "
"    Because health minister and CMO did so well last week? Scott Morrison doesn't want to appear, apparently"
"    ""Trust the people in charge"" you say. Even when the people in charge contradict themselves? Like Scott Morrison urging Australians to stay 1.5 metres apart, yet insisting that children stay in classrooms where it's impossible to do that..."
"        Australia  Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison said on March 19 that the country's borders will close to all visitors, except for citizens and permanent residents and their close family members."
"    Raw pigheadedness and yet another sign that Scott Morrison is not the person who should be leading the nation in this, or any, crisis."
"Scott Morrison: Shut Our Schools - with full pay!  Covid19WalkOut  WalkOutSaveLives  via  "
"heres my free advice for Scott Morrison  insiders  covid19  COVID19Aus  auspol "
"Scott Morrison    Scott Morrison had the hide to say Shorten had his hands in your wallet. Now Scott Morrison has taken everything you worked for all your life."
"  You were advocating AGAINST caution when Morrison was pushing it.  PVOFlipFlop"
"Scott Morrison doesnt care about retires. Well done you idiots, you retires that voted for Morrison. Hang your head in shame and thanks for nothing. "
"  Scott Morrison Scott Morrison must enforce a stay at home strategy, NOW. "
"  More like hypocritical answers from Scott Morrison &amp; his lot!  insiders"
"Where is Scott Morrison - missing in action again"
"Whats with David Speers &amp; his blame question? Does he talk to Scott Morrison like this. NO! This is stupid line of questioning.  insiders"
"    Scott Morrison   Scott Morrison was already too late with the orders to shut down borders."
"Scott Morrison: Shut Our Schools - with full pay!  Covid19WalkOut  WalkOutSaveLives - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"The news rolls in like waves. One unfathomably huge development crashing on another. President Donald Trump has shut US borders. Now Australia is closed to foreigners too. Scott Morrison is spending billions. "
"Morning OZ .  Here is your new three word slogan  Scott Morrison . TOO FUCKING LATE .   I hope I am wrong .  I really do .  But hey , I hate the bastard  Auspol  bullshitboy  ScottyFromHillsong"
"Scott Morrison cut $14 billion from government schools as treasurer. He doesnt value teachers. The Department of Education has historically run on saving face. Schools will remain open. Business as usual.  insiders  auspol"
"      So when is Scott Morrison speaking so journalists can ask him these questions? Why are casual and freelancers not being accounted for?  Covid_19  Lockdownaustralia  shutdownschools  StayAtHome"
"""Eligible enterprises will get a payment equal to 100% of the amount tax withheld, up to a maximum payment of $100,000, which can be used as a wage subsidy"" - But will it tho?   covid19australia "
"  Youre not the only one, we have Scott Morrison. Hes a total tool as well."
"  Excerpt from The Bulletin Saturday Editorial on Scott Morrison - "
"Conservative governments by definition are averse to change or innovation, unfortunately in a time of a  Coronavid19 emergency .....that is the last thing we need.  Scott Morrison....doing too little....too late, but Australia...you voted for  ScottyFromMarketing    Auspol"
"    I could not take any more of Scott Morrison on tv just dribble on."
"        Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison said on March 19 that the country's borders will close to all visitors, except for citizens and permanent residents and their close family members."
"Scott Morrison's coronavirus response revolves around the dreaded curve of COVID-19 infections - ABC News "
"Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison said on March 19 that the country's borders will close to all visitors, except for citizens and permanent residents and their close family members  "
"    Two words: Scott Morrison. Thats whats gone wrong. Again."
"The Bulletin which had a reach of over 500,000 has been restricted for calling Scott Morrison out over his dithering"
"     auspol Yes for years now teachers have felt undervalued &amp; unsupported, now many feel they are being treated like they are expendable! Many teachers are older &amp; many of them are vulnerable to serious infection from Coronavirus yet Scott Morrison et al gives them no consideration!"
"      PLEASE UPDATE your website to reflect this -  Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison said on March 19 that the country's borders will close to all visitors, except for citizens and permanent residents and their close family members"
"Scott Morrison must allow schools to close this W/E. Children need to be supported in this stimulus package in childcare plan instead of having to attend schools! Childcare services MUST have access to daily testing services to protect workers and any kids in care.  Insiders"
"  Greg Hunt tops foolish spills. Brendan Murphy whom I defended before, &amp; Scott Morrison are clown like Reserve Bank acted mercifully Some act responsibly, many dont get it HCWs prepare for Armageddon knowing its not enough. Ration supply is self defeating, people get out more"
"Because we are in it together. ..Scott Morrison Pm"
"Facebook imposing restrictions on Pages who speak out against Scott Morrison"
"Boom.  Nonprofits included in latest round    COVID19Aus  nonprofits  auspol   "
"Scott Morrison to announce $66bn stimulus, including income support for workers "
"PM Scott Morrison goes for broke with $189b stimulus package | The New Daily "
"    Prime Minister Scott Morrison does!"
"Current politcal situation in Australia. Scott Morrison is Lord Farquaad and Australian teachers are Ralph. "
"Scott Morrison - STOP IT! (Offical Video)  via   This made me want to go out and buy every toiletroll in sight. Oh wait a minute!"
"And *of course* the MyGov platform and Centrelink app has crashed this morning:  via  "
"Is Scott Morrison ""The Alpha""? "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has warned 2020 will likely be the ""toughest year of our lives.   "
"  Scott Morrison     If Scott Morrisons Government do not accept the Oppositions amendments to his legislation - to protect ALL genuine residence of Australia - Mr Morrison shows himself as utterly DIABOLICAL &amp; incomprehensibly INHUMANE."
"  What's the difference between scott morrison and a bucket of shit.?? A.  the Bucket."
"Scott Morrison just summed up the modern Australian economy, going to the gym, having brunch, going to the pub. That and selling education and housing to foreigners"
"The MyGov website has crashed and Centrelink offices are copping massive lines as Australians rush to claim benefits. "
"Why? Because Scott Morrison is 3 days behind everything. A week ago he held back 3 days for a Rugby game &amp; his cult meeting Why coronavirus pressures prompted Australia's biggest states to rebel against Scott Morrison  via  "
"""Fortunately, Scott Morrison managed to walk the states back from the brink following clear and direct medical and health advice that much of what they were proposing was not only unnecessary but absurd."""
"The Prime Minister says the Australia is facing the worst economic crisis since the great depression. "
"116 tweeps responded to my question asking who they trust most re  COVID19 information &amp; policy. Dr Norman Swan got most votes (60%), followed by Prof Bill Bowtell (31%), CMO Prof Brendan Murphy 3rd (6%) &amp; PM Scott Morrison 4th (3%)     "
"  My friend was just diagnosed with breast cancer. At 33 weeks pregnant she faces early delivery, a mastectomy and months of chemo, with COVID-19 to try and avoid at the same time. Scott Morrison is an idiot."
"I cannot stand Morrison's idiotic religion, nor those of his detractors. The CV responses here are absolutely mostly about political point scoring on the basis of religio-cultural wars. ARSETRALIA! Australia's biggest states to rebel against Scott Morrison "
"All I have to say is that Scott Morrisons tone in all these press conferences makes me feel like a child who has been put in the naughty corner but doesnt really understand why theyve been put there"
" BREAKING: Scott Morrison has made a statement in the House of Representatives in Canberra, calling on Australians to band together.   "
"    And the same great speech, calm and collective from Scott Morrison, our Prime Minister. "
"Scott Morrison Scott Morrison is doing a fabulous job of taking control of a terrible situation. keep up the great work Mr Morrison!"
" Covid_19australia  COVID19Aus  AlboMP Albo's speech in parliament worth a watch - measured, cooperative, and low key but impressive. Compared to that of Prime Marketer (Scott Morrison) - you're still not Churchill but keep trying."
"When Scott Morrison said May God Bless us All   I vomited"
"While I personally think he does need to ramp up the robustness of the language he's using - akin to the more forthright messaging of Scott Morrison in Australia - I also think it proves Boris is not the one note, populist tud-thumper of caricature. 2/3"
"Pesky facts are spoiling Scott Morrison's economic story | Australian politics | The Guardian.     Just found this article when good old Scott was treasure. Cut cut cut funding. Good read!! "
" BREAKING: Scott Morrison has made a statement in the House of Representatives in Canberra, calling on Australians to band together.  9Today "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison says children should go to school but parents can keep them home if they want.   "
"Is Scott Morrisons kids at school"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has addressed Parliament and warned 2020 will be the toughest year of our lives. He says Australia must prepare for long-term shutdown of non-essential activities for at least the next six months "
"Scott Morrison just wait till i fucking Get you"
" ScottyFromMarketing Defined As Non-Essential Service   "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison: Statement to Parliament on the  coronavirus crisis. "
"""Not a four-week shutdown""  Scott Morrison warns Australians this period of uncertainty could well and truly exceed six months  "
"      Its because Scott Morrison thinks he knows better than anyone else. All I can hear from Morrison and Frydenberg - ""We make no apologies"", when they should be apologising to every single Australian for their lack of action and poor management, leading to disastrous outcomes."
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison and Opposition Leader Anthony Albanese sanitise their hands as they enter the House of Representatives "
"'2020 will be the toughest year of our lives': PM addresses Parliament as it meets to pass more than $100 billion in stimulus and survival measures. Live and free updates from     here.  "
"The Left: How dare Scott Morrison lecture us.  Also the Left: Yay for Daniel Andrews lecturing us.   springst"
"Cant help himself. Scott Morrison smirks and declares .  Dont touch your face.  Parliament "
"Dan Andrews and Gladys Berejiklian basically just alpha'd Scott Morrison. He's not in charge anymore, the premiers (even LNP) don't trust him  auspol"
"    Minnesota AND Vermont have declared a state of emergency. Shop workers have been told they are an essential service. THEY are able to access FREE childcare paid for by the state like Nurses, GPs etc... meanwhile in Australia.... We have   &amp; Scott Morrison"
"This is leadership.  Scott Morrison take note.   closeschoolsnow  Coronavid19  coronavirusaus  COVID19  ChinaLiedPeopleDied   "
"Australia any time Scott Morrison speaks  Covid_19australia "
"  Thank god Albo and his pathetic party arent in charge cause things would be 100 times worse, Scott Morrison has dealt with these uncertain times extremely well, jog on Neroli, disappear into insignificance!"
"Scott Morrison: Close Schools/Colleges/Universities down for an appropriate amount of time amidst ...  via  "
"CRIKEY   For a minute there I thought Scott Morrison was going to invite everyone to pray while the bugler played the Last Post  to evoke the ANZAC spirit.   Auspol  Coronaaustralia"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has addressed Parliament and warned 2020 will be the toughest year of our lives Follow the latest here "
"  Scott Morrison Can the National Cabinet have someone other than Scott Morrison deliver public messages? I turn off the TV when he comes on."
"Do not touch your face. - Scott Morrison  COVID19 "
"  Scott  Morrison and Peter  Dutton have no right to claim to be strong on borders. They lock up people indefinitely who pass all health and security checks but have let all potential  COVID19 carriers walk through any port or airport for the past two months unchecked.  idiots"
"scott morrison really be saying god bless in parliament? ok hun"
"The morning after Prime Minister Scott Morrison declared it was safe to keep schools open, the NSW and Victorian premiers announced closures and advised parents to keep their kids at home.  COVD-19  "
"2020 will be the toughest year of our lives, PM Scott Morrison tells Parliament. No more going to the pub after work. No more going the gym in the morning. No more sitting down at a cafe for lunch. These chains are vital to slow the spread of this virus.    "
"A inept moron by the name of Scott Morrison squandered Australias unique isolation ... blind Freddy knew what was happening overseas via Prine Time TV and then we have the cruise ships debacle and millions spent on border protection / Dutton - anotger epic  fail"
"""This will be a test of all Australians.   It is a test of our nation. Of our spirit.  There are some who believe Liberal democracies and free societies cannot cope with these sorts of challenges.   We will prove them wrong here in Australia.""  PM Scott Morrison to parliament"
"Scott Morrison failed us during the bushfires and he is failing us again.  shutdownaustralia"
"Scott Morrison is terrible. This is a terrible speech. Its like a robot trying to express empathy in a sing-song voice.  auspol"
"Scott Morrison says Australia will prove wrong those who believe liberal democracies cant survive this kind of challenge"
"coronavirus has cancelled democracy sausage for the QLD local elections - Jeanette Young says no BBQs, no community fetes etc this weekend at polling places "
"Scott Morrison is a twat  ScottyFromMarketting  ScottMorrison  COVID19  COVIDIOTS"
"""I can assure you, my prayer knees are getting a good work out""  Scott Morrison, Australian Prime Minister, addressing Parliament.  ""...like a $50 hooker when the US Pacific fleet is in town"" he did not add.  We really do need to work on separating church and state more.   auspol"
"Scott Morrison Good to hear PM Scott Morrison calling on people to pray about the coronavirus."
"Scott Morrisons reaction or lack there of has necessitated a new hashtag.  Scomotooslow"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison says across Australia today many thousands of Australians will lose their jobs. ""They are lining up at Centrelink offices as we speak. Something unimaginable at this scale only weeks ago. They have lost their jobs, many, and we know many more will"". "
"  Italys virus deaths surge past Chinas  "
"""Across Australia today, many thousands of Australians will lose their jobs.   They are lining up at Centrelink offices as we speak.   Something unimaginable at this scale only weeks ago.  This is the biggest economic shock our nation has faced in generations""  PM Scott Morrison"
"  I think its time for a new hashtag re. Scott Morrisons reaction to Covid-19.    scomotooslow"
"So in the age of social distancing, how is our media going to continue their practice of licking every LNP member (and especially Scott Morrison) from head-to-toe during interviews?   auspol "
"Across Australia today many thousands of Australians will lose their jobs. They are lining up at Centrelink offices as we speak - Prime Minister Scott Morrison is speaking in the House of Reps  auspol  coronavirus"
"My prayer knees are getting a good workout - Scott Morrison       auspol  coronavirusaustralia  rona"
"""I can assure you, my prayer knees are getting a good work out"" - Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison is telling Parliament that Australians are lining up at Centrelink offices as he speaks."
"Watching the Prime Ministers Statement to the House of Representatives. Then watched The President of United States address to the Nation. Think what you may of Scott Morrison he was dignified, calm and empathic. Made me proud as a new Australian."
"Scott Morrison calls on people of faith in Australia to pray and says his prayer knees are getting a good work out. He says the loss of jobs at this scale was unimaginable even weeks ago."
"For those still wondering how long an innings we're facing with coronavirus, Prime Minister Scott Morrison has told parliament we're in this for at least six months. "
"Wasn't Scott Morrison the one 10 days ago who said he was going to the Football and would continue to shake hands against every piece of Expert Advice. The man has ZERO respect for knowledge or expertise. He has ZERO credibility.  CoronaAustralia"
"""No more going to the pub after work.   No more going to the gym in the morning.   No more sitting down at a cafe for brunch.   These changes are vital to slow the spread of this virus.""  PM Scott Morrison to parliament  coronavirusaus  auspol"
"Scott Morrison calling on prayer...seriously just fuck off."
"Australians will be living with this virus for the next 6 months: Scott Morrison tells Parliament. And the markets dived. PM says likely to impose further restrictions on our daily lives, wants consistency where possible across the states.  COVID19Aus"
"Scott Morrison tells Parliament for many 2020 ""will be the toughest year of our lives"". Christ.  auspol  Covid_19australia"
"Scott Morrison God is with you Scott Morrison, do not give up. As He said to Joshua He also says to you ""be strong and courageous"". Our church is praying and fasting for you. Call the nation to a fasting and praying and God will change it."
"Scott Morrison: ""For many, young and old, 2020 will be the toughest year of our lives."""
"Last night I felt like Scott Morrison was talking at us rather than to us."
"Scott Morrison says Parliament has very important work to do today, to help lessen the blow for Australians. He says major changes to our lives are vital to saving lives."
"I'm on HFC, trying to stream Scott Morrison's speech in the parliament, but my partner is in a meeting with her team at work. Unfortunately I can't watch since it is slowing down her internet too much.  If only we stuck to Labor's original FTTP  "
" BREAKING: PM Scott Morrison is making an address in Parliament in relation to the coronavirus crisis.  TMS7  WATCH LIVE:  "
"Scott Morrison leading a fucking sermon in Parliament right now  auspol2020"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison: ""For many, young and old, 2020 will be the toughest year of our lives. Meeting this challenge is bigger than any Australian. It's obviously bigger than politics""  coronavirusaustralia"
"Scott Morrison: For many, young and old, 2020 will be the toughest year of our lives."
"scott morrison: ""everythings going to be business as usual, schools are still open."" students: "
"Scott Morrisons response to the crisis is falling apart (and its not his fault)  NEWPAPER24  "
"Scott Morrison: Close Schools/Colleges/Universities down for an appropriate amount of time amidst COVID19. - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"""For many, young and old, 2020 will be the toughest year of our lives""  PM Scott Morrison to parliament  auspol  coronavirusau"
"Scott Morrison just said we need to 'come together' to face coronavirus.   *May* have been the wrong choice of words."
"PM Scott Morrison addressing parliament...basically a war-time plea to the country: ""We summon the spirit of the ANZACs of our Great Depression generation, of those who built the  Snowy, of those who want the great peace of the Second World War and defended Australia.""  auspol"
"Scott Morrison says we summon the spirit of the ANZACs, the record of Australians in the Depression and those who won the great peace after World War II. He says no one should suffer alone during the months ahead."
"Watching Scott Morrison now live in parliament.. He thinks he's Churchill... I'm sure Churchill didn't make this many huge mistakes    auspol"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison is now addressing federal parliament's lower house on the coronavirus pandemic:  ""In the months ahead this will put as all to the test ... but together Australia, we are up to this challenge.""   auspol"
"Time to de-platform The Greens for hate speech ? Who else but Larrisa Waters...?  "
"Scott Morrison literally just said lets channel the spirit of the ANZACS to get through COVID19"
"""We summon the spirit of the Anzacs, of our great Depression generation, of those who built the Snowy, of those who won the great peace of World War II and defended Australia. That is our legacy that we draw on at this time.""  Scott Morrison to parliament  coronavirusau  auspol"
"   auspol Trouble is Scott Morrison is a true believer in economic rationalism &amp; money market being able to resolve everything except where his god comes in. We are all suffering as a result of this philosophy. He can't cope with the fact his philosophy is proven wrong!"
"Scott Morrison Defined As Non-Essential Service   The Shovel "
"The politics of a pandemic: When Scott Morrison lost the plot - Independent Australia "
"  This will help you understand. "
"Scott Morrison why not use tele-conferencing like many of us rather than close parliament? It's entirely possible. How do you intend to canvass broad parliamentary opinion?"
"That night, Morrison was angry, belligerent, unapologetic and rude. He also refused to take any responsibility for the shambolic confusing mess that has characterised the Federal response to the pandemic over the last two to three weeks."
"I'm almost certain Scott Morrison is trying to Kill most of us good peeps .. Not sure why?  Anyone have any idea why FFS ?       auspol"
"'My bad': Minister admits Centrelink stuff-up amid predictions 1 million have lost their jo "
"It'll never happen, but Scott Morrison should consider assembling a new cabinet. Make Albo the Deputy PM and bring in some astute Labor, Greens, Independent MPs into the fold. The coronavirus cabinet would bring in a range of smart people who are working to help Australia."
"Dont count your chickens, Geoff.  Scott Morrison is all promise and no delivery.  All mouth and no trousers, as they say. "
"Australian divisions over coronavirus put pressure on PM: On the burning question of whether Australian schools should close as coronavirus cases increase, Prime Minister Scott Morrison was adamant: ""Children should go to school."" Morrison emerged from "
"""...minister Stuart Robert admits not anticipating demand""  This Government is a joke.   AusPol  "
"                                      We can be kind and lovely when scott Morrison resigns. He lies acts criminally and cover up war crimes "
"Of course there would be exceptions to this (like any plan) but it's a bold initiative that could save lives and the economy's capacity to bounce back: "
"The government can shut down but schools stay open? Isnt government essential at this time? Someone please sack Scott Morrison. Scott Morrison        "
"  This is like a weird live-action reboot of Angry Birds where the pork is what flies instead of the birds."
"'My bad': Minister admits Centrelink stuff-up amid predictions 1 million have lost their jobs  via  "
"How could you watch Italy or China and not anticipate people in Australia losing income?    coronavirusaustralia  auspol  'My bad': Minister admits Centrelink stuff-up amid predictions 1 million have lost their jobs "
"    Why can't we get rid of this incompetent government!!  We need visionaries to lead us now.  Not cult followers..  Scott Morrison doesn't seem to ""get"" anything.  Always on the back foot and catching up and with an agenda that is always secret.  We CANNOT and SHOULD not trust him."
" ScottyfromMarketing is  CluelssinCanberra  Besieged PM caught in the coronavirus swamp, up to his neck in alligators | The New Daily "
"Government urging people to go home as lines form around Centrelink offices, minister Stuart Robert admits not anticipating demand "
"    Scott Morrison over here is trying very hard"
"                             Scott Morrison needs to resign or be rolled LABOUR DLP LITHGOW "
"'My bad': Minister admits Centrelink stuff-up amid predictions 1 million have lost their jobs "
"  Jim Morrison, Jimi Hendrix, Bon Scott, and many more."
"    Would you line up   Morrison"
"P.E.I. farmer keeps social distance by hurling pork products to hungry customers "
"  Please reconsider the full shutdown of essential services that you were going to enact before Scott Morrison stopped it"
"PM Scott Morrison has placed further aged care restrictions to prevent Coronavirus spread. Facilities must enforce a maximum of two visitors at one time per day. Visits must also be short and in the residents room or other private space. Read more here: "
"Live footage of Scott Morrison failing to tell Australians to shelter-in-place soon enough. "
"Babe David Johanna Law was know increase Government Scott Morrison would inspect very place sitting their  "
"The politics of a pandemic: When Scott Morrison lost the plot  covid19  auspol   "
"Rents &amp; mortgages freeze for the duration of Coronavirus - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Freeze rents &amp; mortgages for the duration of Coronavirus - Sign the Petition!  via  "
" auspol  COVID19   Scott Morrison  ThoughtsAndPrayers while parliament to shut until August  Scott Morrison Wants  Australia To Know His Prayer Knees Are Getting A Workout "
"Scott Morrison &amp; Josh Frydenburg delivered a stimulus....next month"
"Scott Morrison was clearly beyond irritated on Sunday when premiers Gladys Berejiklian and Daniel Andrews flagged shutdowns and indicated they disagreed with his insistence on the need for children to be kept in school, writes  "
"Demand An Immediate Shutdown Of The Horse Racing Industry - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"She has set a fine example! Wake up Scott Morrison! "
"It will be absolutely vital that every Australian respects and follows the healthy social distancing measures that all Australian governments have implemented in order to flatten this curve and save lives."" Scott Morrison 22/3/20 How are schools supposed to do that Mr Morrison?"
" auspol  How good is scott Morrison How good are lnp economic managers "
"Whinge about Scott Morrison all you want but Donald Trump giving the most incoherent babble right now is next level stuff...."
"  Its really difficult to tell which one is dumber, Scott Morrison or Donald Trump?"
"Scott Morrison: No restrictions on Telehealth consultations NOW - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Scott Morrison ..the New Zealander Prime Minister ...yes she knows what to do . Please follow her lead and lock Australians down ..before it is too late ... we are begging you ... please!"
"Wondering if  ANZACspirits tire of being politicised by suits trying to curry favour w/public &amp; if the public see through it. P.S. Isn't summoning spirits at odds with  ScottyFromMarketing's religion? I'm confused...  auspol2020  covid19australia  9News  "
"Wondering if  ANZACS tire of being politicised by suits trying to curry favour with the public &amp; if the public see through it. P.S. Isn't summoning spirits at odds with  ScottyFromMarketing's religion? I'm confused...  auspol2020  covid19australia  9News  "
"from what ive heard daniel hepburn solicitored a contract hit on my family in 1999 from a primie minister called scott morrison who was removed from parliament for being insane and has not been heard from since ,,,he is not the same person as the current spy governmeNT AUSTRALia"
"This is the Worst Scenario You can Have In Life. A World Wide Pandemic and Scott Morrison Running Our Country. "
" ScottyTheSalesMan Scott Morrison Defined As A  NonEssentialService Amidst Australia's  COVID19 Epidemic. Experts Say That The PM Is Not On The List Of Critical Services And That His Government Should Not Resuscitated Once The Crisis Is Over   auspol "
"Scott Morrison is telling Australians to expect disruptive  coronavirus measures for ""at least six months"". Meanwhile, Donald Trump today is saying the US will reopen in weeks, not months. ""I'm not looking at months."""
"I ask this again. Faced with coronavirus and a trust deficit, can Scott Morrison swallow his pride? | Peter Lewis "
"    Are  ScottyFromMarketing and his useless incompetents planning to abscond? "
"Besieged PM caught in the coronavirus swamp, up to his neck in alligators "
"      Created &amp; brought into this country compliments of Scott Morrison &amp; his party.  Its no accident.  Its ruling for the benefit of business with complete disregard for what was known to be happening in China, Italy &amp; South Korea. Betrayal &amp; infection brought to our shore by PM."
"No one in Australia is listening to dick face Scott Morrison because no one voted for him or has any confidence in him  scottmorrison  coronavirus  australia  chinesevirus  getmwarfare  itstheendoftheworldasweknowitandifeelfine"
"It's March 24, 2020 at 10:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"Trending Australian news stories for 23 Mar. 2020:  1.  (2905 tweets) 2.  (2036 tweets) 3.  (1998 tweets) 4.  (510 tweets) 5.  (495 tweets)   ATNIX"
"NSW Parents confused over advice about sending children to school  via   Why is she telling a different message than Scott Morrison. Cmon Scott reign get in"
"For the last 18 months  KylieMooreGilbert has been locked in isolation, denied her basic human rights &amp; contact with her family. Iran claim her harsh treatment is ""her own fault""  actnow4kylie, sign the petition to  FreeKylie   "
"Scott Morrison's rallying cry to the nation: 'My prayer knees are getting a good work out' | The Canberra Times | Canberra, ACT How the hell did we end up with this  ScottyFromMarketing Tw    auspoI      coronavirusaustralia "
"Top doctors beg Scott Morrison to place Australia into total lockdown  via  "
"  One day he will realise that Scott Morrison won the election, it still hasn't sunk in yet."
"Scott Morrison: we will lose jobs and here is the stimulus to help you  Us: how do we access it ?  Scott Morrison: Centrelink  Centrelink: go online, dont come in The myGov website: you need x and x and x but its not working"
" Paul Bongiorno describes Morrison as a besieged PM caught in the coronavirus swamp, up to his neck in alligators. So true"
"Surprised Scott Morrison didnt jump on a plane at this time of crisis and went on holiday again!"
"      Scott Morrison disappeared for two days that weekend, I think he was secretly tested and after result was negative reappeared, even though advice is to quarantine for 2 weeks if in contact with known case.  PrimeHypcrite  CrimeMinisterMorrison  LNPCrimeFamily  LNPfail  COVIDIOTS"
"Would be great if someone was able to get the relevant figures for Australia so we can ram them down Scott Morrisons throat and ask him to act. "
"   Just watched Boris address the UK. I intensely dislike the man BUT am so impressed by him right now. Strong, impressive leadership! Scott Morrison....terrifyingly incompetent! Appalling! And Stuart Roberts.FFS!"
"In the aftermath of 2020, Scott Morrison must be questioned at length about his negligence and mishandling of two major crises within a year. Then he must resign.  auspol  australia  coronavirus  coronacrisis  covid_19australia  stayathomesavelives"
"Scott Morrison: Free Dr Kylie Moore-Gilbert - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Finally some common sense, Scott Morrison is not critical to the nations response to COVID-19, it has been confirmed, and he has been classified as Non-Essential  "
"the truth hurts  COVIDIOTS  Coronaaustralia  "
"Last week, Scott Morrison said: We dont need to tell Australians how to get out of bed in the morning and how to put their shoes and socks on and things like that.  From someone who works in the customer service industry, I can assure you that we do. We absolutely do."
"Besieged PM caught in the coronavirus swamp, up to his neck in alligators | The New Daily "
"    Moses is giving input from a doggy's perspective!"
"Songs you can sing  auspol names to: Scott Morrison - Sweet Caroline Barnaby Joyce - Chattanooga Choo Choo  Bridget McKenzie - Elenor Rigby Dan Andrews - On My Own Gladys Berijiklian, responding now to COVID - Supercalifragilisticexpalidocious  Norman Swan - Skimbleshanks"
"  Scott Morrison must resign. This Government must resign. We need competent, compassionate adults to take over  LNPStepDownNow"
"These are scary times for all Australians, but by working together and doing the right things, with support from government, we can come through stronger and united, says Prime Minister Scott Morrison. "
"    Scott Morrison What did you expect government to do?  Scott Morrison has shown outstanding leadership."
"If they're going to keep playing discredited trickle down economics, then is time they showed how it works. Take This stress out of peoples lives during this shutdown NOW.   Auspol  SportsRortsNotForgotten  "
"UK leader: Boris Johnson US leader: Donald Trump Aus leader: Scott Morrison  Not exactly an inspiring group of people to lead through a crisis"
"Scott Morrison Dear Scott Morrison is the Government aware Telstra not taking calls."
"      Bwahahahaha - but we already have flying pigs. Donald Trump &amp; Scott Morrison fly to places all the time!"
"Australian doctors - let's tell the government that today is the day to:  1.   lockdownaustralia and  2. help us prepare for  COVID19  Please sign this open letter to Prime Minister Scott Morrison ASAP:    "
"Do as your told or else! "
"Scott Morrison has never fought for anything in his life"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison reveals the latest stage of the coronavirus ad campaign "
"for info from Dr Greg Kelly who has spearheaded this and the previous letter  - Dear Doctor,  One week ago we and over 7000 of our medical colleagues wrote to Prime Minister Scott Morrison, State Premiers and Health Ministers requesting strong action to avert a... (2/n)"
"  scomo = scott morrison = our prime minister"
"scott morrison really said lets waste teachers time for as long as possible. my mum is teaching classes of 5. nobody is at my old school. theyre a precious resource and you work them during a pandemic for what?"
"Well leave schools open, but ban all other large gatherings, including kids birthday parties.  GoFigure  Coronavirus Australia: Scott Morrison flags strict new controls for Australia to limit COVID-19 spread "
"Get Rid of Them! Take Citizenship &amp; Visas Off Them! Send them Back to Wuhan, China where they came from! Filthy Dog, Cat &amp; Exotic Animal Consumers! Me no like you Long Time! Nuclear Bomb &amp; give you something to squint about! "
"i am fucking losing it at this video of this guy checking if scott morrison has mal'occhio  call your comare right now!!!!!!!!"
"The politics of a pandemic: When Scott Morrison lost the plot   "
"The ABF is holding a press conference to say the NSW cruise debacle was not our fault. Not our fault guys. Live coverage "
"The sentiment among my friends to Scott Beware of what you wish for.... Morrison MP is basically Hurry up and get this over with.  My wish: Paid 3-month Public holiday?   AusPol  Lockdownaustralia  COVID2019AU"
"Fate keeps gifting Scott Morrison opportunities to lead and he keeps failing to rise to each one of them.   Lockdown Get it done. Save lives. Restart/reset/rebuild the economy.  It's hard but that's what leadership is about. "
"Scott Morrison's leadership has made me actually miss Tony fucking Abbott."
"the most important takeaway from Scott Morrison's address last night: stay at home. "
"""Every job is essential""  Pretty much most jobs are not essential, they only exist to prop up ""the economy"" so a few lucky people can make billions.    But we can fix it.  Teachers' unions to meet with Morrison over coronavirus school closures  via  "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison sends Greek Australians a message honouring Greek Independence Day   Greece  news"
"good morning scott morrison is a dick"
"  Yeah. You don't want to know what you get when you type in ""Scott Morrison last night canberra"""
"Daniel Andrews:  Don't do the following things or people will die.  Scott Morrison: You can maybe do some these things not sure don't ask me I'm not your dad lol."
"Scott Morrison's funeral limit will upset some  auspol  auspolcartoons  ScottyFromMarketing  coronavirusaus  covid19australia "
"Scott Morrison doing a great job under such difficult conditions Lost my job now and had to shut my business down  Welfare next option but im not blaming anyone"
"Thousands are still flying into Australia  via   But why are they flying?"
"    And Scott Morrison has failed miserably."
"Following last nights national address by Prime Minister Scott Morrison, introducing an overseas  travel ban,   (ASX: VAH) has made the difficult decision to ground 125 of its aircraft and stand down 80 per cent of its workforce. "
"What a debacle "
"April 12. Scott Morrison aim for that date. America can we ride along on your coat tails? Australia needs a lift.  "
"    Plants are still flying into Australia FFS "
"If we get a mixed combined message from the PM, Scott Morrison and and the Victorian premier, Daniel Andrews, can we call it a ..Screws?"
"Scott Morrison BREAKING NEWS: Scott Morrison has contracted CLUSTERFUCK-2020."
"An official text message will be sent to mobile phones across the country, telling all Australians to stop the spread of the coronavirus. "
"My mental health seems to be directly correlated to the amount of distance between myself and the latest Scott Morrison  Covid_19australia presser. Every time he gets in front of the camera my anxiety skyrockets."
"    All the information indicates Scott Morrison has while telling everyone to leave them in."
"&gt;restricts funerals and wedding sizes  &gt;school is still open   Scott Morrison ???????????  Stage 2 is basically the same thing as stage 1 lol"
"Jacinda Ardern asks Scott Morrison to give Kiwis coronavirus welfare payments  via  "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison sends Greek Australians a message honouring Greek Independence Day  "
"  atleast you dont have swarms of Australians just heading to the beach like nothings wrong, some people dont take it serious enough id rather Boris Johnson over Scott Morrison anyday of the fuckin week"
"Hey,   this line ""...services include... physiotherapists &amp; allied health services"" - is completely untrue!   All ALLIED HEALTH SERVICES have been asked to remain open as they are playing a vital role in keeping pressure off the health system. "
"Are they still letting people get straight onto trains at Sudney airport with no checks ? THIS HAS TO STOP."
"The ballet-inspired exercise class that Scott Morrison couldnt pronounce  "
"Sorry for the profanity, WTF! Scott Morrison is making no sense! -Only 10 people allowed at a funeral but shopping centres are still open with 100's. -Every other country has closed their borders but we remain open to continue to bring in the virus.  "
"OracleFinancialGroup Australia coronavirus live updates: NSW records more than 1,000 confirmed cases of Covid-19 including two children under 10  latest - The Guardian: Australia coronavirus live updates: NSW records more than 1,000 confirmed cases of "
"""11 people CAN come to a funeral, but the extra person must cut the hair of the corpse."" "
"Stop the spread text alert amid strict restrictions "
"Indians cant leave their homes for 3 weeks, but Australians can participate in personal training classes of 10 people because Scott Morrison doesnt want to deny someone their livelihood.  Modi Orders 3-Week Total Lockdown for All 1.3 Billion Indians "
"  Its not fair. Watching Trump, Scott Morrison and Boris is terrifying and depressing."
"Medical professionals can't walk off the job, so the Scott Morrison govt will gamble with their lives and the lives of tens of thousands of Australians because it's a bit inconvenient to take some short term pain now.  This is evil, shortsighted bullshit.  COVID19  Lockdown "
"  Youll be surprised how many Australians are ok with it too. Just had a messenger fight with a friend because we disagree about lock down. Im for, she is against. Thinks Scott Morrison is right to put economy first"
"      Thats awful  Scott Morrison will regret these decisions."
" TentWorldOffer2020 Good News from the Government in Canberra, led by Prime Minister Scott Morrison.   "
"FEWER THAN FIVE to 10 people to be present at one time.   HEALTH1ST  WaterNext  Jobs2nd  CaringForPeople  "
"The measures will see the closure of even more businesses, as well as weddings and funerals.  "
"This really is Scott Morrisons GST Birthday Cake john Hewson moment. Except with people getting sick and dying.   ScottyFromMarketing  scomo  AusGov  auspol "
"Scott Morrison and the CMO is this your idea of  FlattenTheCurve?  auspol  COVID19Aus  coronavirusaustralia  coronavirusau "
"  you had no right to say what you said about Scott Morrison! Shut your mouth and keep it shut!!"
"Scott Morrison really said I wanna be a part of small nikah n small wedding twitter"
"Scott Morrison slammed for contradictory stage two lockdown advice  Scott Morrison is slammed for contradictory social distancing rules  harsh restrictions on weddings &amp; funerals open slather for shopping centres kids still going to school excerpt  "
"  Col, why is it Australian airports are still not thermo-checking all people as they arrive? The issue has been brought up again and again and it's the question every politician / health chief dodges. And yet still they flow on in, unchecked. "
"[extremely scott morrison voice] how good is tea?!"
"Teachers' unions to meet with Morrison over coronavirus school closures "
"  If Scott Morrison Scott Morrison put a stop to this stuff from being sold overseas sooner we wouldnt be seeing these issues!"
"The logic of Scott Morrison's 30 minute hairdressers' appointments  coronavirusau  auspol  auspolcartoons  ScottyFromMarketing "
"Not Trimming my beard until Scott Morrison communicates clearly  for 2 whole days on COVID-19."
"Thousands are still flying into Australia  via  "
"  As the leader of the opposition you should be assisting to keep lives safe from this deadly virus. How about working with the PM instead of against him. What an incredible job Scott Morrison is doing in this time of living a nightmare. So stop whinging on the sideline,and assist"
"Scott Morrison stands firm on schools ahead of teachers union meeting  "
"PM Scott Morrison, speaking alongside Chief Medical Officer Brendan Murphy, last night announced further social distancing details and measures to help combat the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19):   COVID19  wearefitnessaustralia "
"Just over month ago   was still lecturing Australia on their policies. Was she taking  coronavirus too lightly?   nzpol  aupol  "
"Someone make that dont be suspicious meme but its Scott Morrison saying dont be specific "
"Petition for 457/482 skilled visas to return to Australia.  Sign this for all the honorary Aussies stuck away from their loved ones here in Australia :( - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"""Those passengers that are recognising symptoms that have been infected on the ship and no action by New South Wales Health or otherwise could alter that."" Dr Kerry Chant - demonstrating how to word under pressure.  "
"The difference between the clarity of Dan Andrews and Scott Morrison is pretty astounding"
"Coronavirus updates LIVE: Scott Morrison upgrades social gathering bans as Japan confirms the Olympics will be held in 2021   business  sport "
"    If Scott Morrison wont take instructions from anyone else at least watch Gladys Berejiklian or the Peter Gutwein."
"    Scott Morrison does not have the intellectual capacity to lead this country in this crisis.  He is overruling experts for the economy.  Where is the love, compassion and global unity in his agenda? We have the elderly, teachers, nurses and drs used as expendable resources now."
"Last night the Prime Minister Scott Morrison announced further restrictions on gatherings to help slow the spread of COVID-19, stating that people should stay at home unless it is absolutely necessary  "
"  Sweet baby Batman, that is the goddamn most idiotic thing I've seen all day. And I accidentally saw both Scott Morrison and Trump giving press conferences, so that's some tough competition."
"Scott: Hi Shane Warne. It's Scott Morrison, the prime minister.  Shane: gidday  Scott: The government needs to text every person in Australia, and, damn it, you're the only person who can do it.  Shane: I've been training for this ever since my first Nokia 3210. ScoMo, let's go."
"Coronavirus update LIVE: NSW COVID-19 cases surpass 1000. Re  PortsFailures  RubyPrincess: ""This has been not a good event at all...There will be things that dont go the way we want them to, what's important is that we learn from them."" No  Accountability  "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has announced further restrictions to tackle the COVID-19 pandemic and of such ALL auctions and open for inspections are to be by appointment only, please check over all your properties and ads to ensure the correct information is displayed."
"    So is Scott Morrison."
"   KylieMooreGilbert is slipping from the news &amp; people's minds. She faces  COVID19 in Evin prison with lamentable healthcare, poor hygiene &amp; bad food. Please keep shouting for her, we're the only voice she has  actnow4kylie  Sign the petition  "
"Surprising that Scott Morrison, who is normally quick to lock people up, is lagging the states in this case."
"  Why are thousands arriving? I dont get it. I thought the country was locked down.  CLEARLY NOT! LOCK IT DOWN SCOTT MORRISON OR YOUR  JUST JUST CHASING YOUR TAIL  and people will die from this. Scott Morrison      auspol    "
"This is totally inconsistent with Scott Morrison's message last night, which was to stay home unless absolutely necessary. These texts are at least a week too late, and they've still managed to make a complete mess of it "
"Coronavirus: Scott Morrison slammed for limiting weddings and funerals but opening school  "
"Australia coronavirus live updates: NSW records more than 1,000 confirmed cases of Covid-19 including two children under 10  latest "
"Teachers' unions to meet with Morrison over coronavirus school closures  via  "
"All these people saying they feel sorry for Scott Morrison that he has to be PM through this. FFS. You elect your leader FOR a crisis, and people who put their hand up for the job are MEANT to handles crises. Stop enabling him.  coronavirusau  LockdownAustralia"
"Regional and remote NBN customers to get data boost  COVID19Aus "
"UK is subsidising 80% of employee wage, to keep people in work.  Denmark 75%. NZ 58.5%.  Scott Morrison? Only 16.9%.  How many Australians could keep their job if we just did what the rest of the world is doing? "
"Read Scott Morrison's full statement on the new national coronavirus restrictions - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)   via   - CRNews"
"It would seem that for a lot of older Australians floating around the world at the moment that their bucket list might just contain a bit too much irony for their diets. Are they senile, did the Scott Morrison government fail them, or both?  "
"It's March 25, 2020 at 10:01AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"Scott Morrison's emergency measures will cost close to $20billion and will include a huge expansion of the instant assets write-off. "
"Scott Morrisons current response "
"  No, We Just Need To Replace Scott Morrison With Someone Who Possesses Compassion, Intelligence &amp; A Sense Of Humanity And Duty Toward The Australian People.  &amp; The People Who Voted Lib In The Last Fed Election Deserve To Be Backhanded In Centrelink Lines, Hospital Beds or Wherever"
"  Scott Morrison You literally sent a tweet to Scott Morrison asking why he was still allowing the electionyou realise how stupid that made you look"
"Scott Morrison has announced that haircuts be no longer than it takes to sing Jethro Tull's Thick As A Brick  auspol"
"Good Morning Australia,  Just realized that the two people that don't seem to have an informed  coronavirus survival plan is Scott Morrison &amp; his CMO.   I'm feeling so sorry for us all.    coronavirus  australia  LNPFail  pandemia"
"  Teachers and hairdressers are being held to the flame to indulge this psychopath's obsession with the economy at all costs. Both industries are screaming out to be allowed to close down and receive the support available if SM condones it. "
"Scott Morrison accused of creating chaos and confusion after a backflip on the 30-minute restriction on appointments. "
"    There is no logic. Does Scott Morrison have dementia?"
"Well even 11 is too many. Great Job PM Scott Morrison. In reducing the spread. "
"  at the moment we dont have a PM we have Scott Morrison who is like a dog chasing its tail. both Trump &amp; Morrison are unfit for the position they hold"
"Scott Morrison This kind of thing relies on ppl not knowing enough about the virus to call you out.   You are being negligent and I only hold when this is over, the ppl failing Australians are held legally responsible.   covid19au  covid19"
"  Your graph only goes up to the 24th and includes mistakes from NSW and Victoria that have since been corrected. I realise youre frightened, and hate Scott Morrison. Presumably though you assume good will from Dan Andrews when his government corrects an error."
"Really? Less than a month ago this chick was publicly pissing on Scomo.   "
"PM slams suggestion of nationwide lockdown as 'reckless'  via   Home detention is not needed, but further restrictions on gatherings and some other work places should be looked at. Going for a late not jog isnt hurting anyone."
"  I actually agree with something Scott Morrison does, and it should be kept in place permanently"
"As much as I would love for Scott Morrison to be overthrown, I keep remembering that next in line is Peter Dutton   coronavirusau"
"      Wouldve been far better to implement universal basic income for EVERYONE paid into accounts like Rudds cash stimulus w/o having to register at or queue for miles at C'link. Wouldve more but would save all this stressful bs. Scott Morrison/Josh Frydenberg have no common sense"
"In Mr Morrison's defence he probably doesnt get a perm &amp; colour when he goes to the  hairdresser - PM drops 30 minute time limit on hairdressers  via  "
"Scott Morrison My message is to Mr.  Scott Morrison.  If you have two options, the first option is a mountain of gold, and the second option is the family what is your choice"
"360 new cases, 3 new deaths, Scott Morrisons priority - making sure we can have a haircut. Seriously  auspol  Coronaaustralia"
"Coronavirus: major hospital operator forced to stop some surgeries amid shortage of personal protective equipment, even before Scott Morrison decided it was necessary to preserve stocks for coming pandemic peak.  coronavirus "
"The government have backflipped on its decision to restrict hairdressers and barbers to 30-minute appointments.  "
"Hi   could you please have a talk with Scott Morrison about coronavirus as I don't think he is taking it seriously "
"Confusion? "
"    I could die laughing! Oops did I say that Scott Morrison?  auspol"
"Much debate about Scott Morrison's risky strategy to fight the health and economic challenges concurrently. Here's the measure of how it's going: both the infection and unemployment rates are rising. Worst of both worlds with Australia half open, half closed."
"    1. True, partial with Foxtel. The point is still valid, NRL is still subsidised by the tax payer, even with Murdoc, Telstra as owners. Scott Morrison gave $8M 2 his own club, Cronulla, $18M of grants came from the ""Indigenous Funds"" they even got $1M to help with violance against"
"FIRST FULL INTERVIEW: Nev Power discusses receiving a crucial call for help from the Prime Minister. "
"STOP HOARDING, stop it now, its one of the most disappointing things Ive seen - Scott Morrison  A man who spent his entire political career spreading fear &amp; anxiety. Denigrating refugees &amp; immigrants for the most base political ambition - to get re-elected.   covid19australia"
" AusPol Bad for us: Sensing mounting concern about Scott Morrisons stance, Labor has dissented from the government and its medical advisers. Bad for him: Danger for Albanese is ppl may see him as a wrecker. "
"What we're realising again now from this disaster, is that Scott Morrison was at his best when he was in Hawaii!    auspol  covid19australia  thedrum  abcnews  StayHomeSaveLives  theprojecttv  abc730  Katharine Murphy "
"Scott Morrison trying to lead in a crisis is like John Howard trying to play cricket. I'd rather have   as PM right now than anyone in the LNP "
"Lily livered neswsreader on 3AW just called Scott Morrison the man from marketing in unified appreciation of promotion of Dan Andrews with Lefty Tony Jones. Dan has handled the situation very well and so has Scomo in the the highest pressure job in the country. "
"      Pity no one is listening to him. This ridiculous parroting of schools are safe and if we lock down we have to do it for 6 months is utter garbage. Scott Morrison show us our current curve (including days to doubling) and the difference between partial and full lockdown!"
"The Public versus Scott Morrison  via  "
"What a vastly different approach by ..... you fill in the dots Russian military to train in contagion drills "
"  Just love her.  Can we swap Scott Morrison?"
"I'm going to constantly retweet shit like this for the people who say Scott Morrison is being clear as day in his directive. "
"    Ohh like your mate Scott Morrison does. The rest of the world lockdown ND Australia 30 minute hair cuts. What a clown. At least Andrews is acting."
"      The govt has dropped the 30min rule "
"Scott Morrison is confusing and scaring the nation while at the same time putting peoples lives at risk. He MUST resign because if this keeps going people wont wait for an election to get out the cricket bats  COVID19au  coronavirus  Lockdownaustralia"
"The Public versus Scott Morrison "
"  If only we had this sort of leadership. Scott Morrison appears in a suit and the message is keep the economy going for my mates."
"  Would we be any worse off if they did?...seriously my mum ""almost"" had to lock my grandma in to stop going to the salon for a hair appointment. She's 90.  Meanwhile my wife risks her personal health every day she goes into work at the hospital &amp; Scott Morrison can't close salons?"
"  Coincidence -  I haven't worked with Scott Morrison so I can't see all his fkn glory.    There is a balance in all of nature.  'eh"
"Latest Updates March 26  359 new cases and 3 new deaths in Australia. Deaths: 2 Victorian men in their 70s anda 69-year old man who had contracted the disease on board of the Royal Caribbean cruise shipSource (  )"
"Scott Morrison: ALL HAIRDRESSERS TO BE PROTECTED AND CLOSED IMMEDIATELY - Sign the Petition!  via    auspol"
"I should remind my wife before she starts her next shift at the hospital to look out for the usual signs of  coronavirus AND anyone who's had a recent cut &amp; colour...  It's just fucking appalling to see the Scott Morrison govt prioritising haircuts over healthcare workers..."
"Donald trump sorry in advance. People are complaining about they current president and prime minister swap them both other have the president run Australia and the prime minister Scott Morrison run America for 28 days lets what happens then."
"I will say it again to Scott Morrison's Minister Stuart Robert. Either fix this or get out of the way. People need Centrelink's help right now. "
"Scott Morrison's office meddling with the ABC!  Rang to say PM and CMO don't like Dr Norman Swan's viewpoint because it doesn't always accord with theirs!      "
"Not all hairdressers agree with Scott Morrison's craven backdown. ""Grafton hair salon owner Kerrie DiMattia has a simple message for the prime minister. Hes got to let us close, she said."" [DEX 26 March 2020]  "
"Who would have ever thought Prime Minister Scott Morrison backflipped on hair salon regulations would one day be a breaking news notification? "
"It's March 26, 2020 at 10:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"  Just go to your local hairdresser. Our great leader Scott Morrison has lifted the 30 minute restriction! smh  "
"  Thank goodness your not a government MP any more because you would be joining Scott Morrison at the footy instead of saving Australian lives!!!!!!"
"    Morrison has another agenda, and it is insane  coronavirusaustralia  "
"  Plus the virus doesnt have to wait 30min Now before it can attack you. How stupid is Scott Morrison?"
"  I guess we wont see a similar story about Scott Morrison because his private life is off limits to the people...and he doesnt give a"
"At the ""virtual G20 meeting"" other world leaders are asking Scott Morrison ""What's the f**king go with the hairdressers?"".  covid19australia"
"Scott Morrison needs to do a Jacinda Adern "
"As New Zealanders went into isolation last night, PM Jacinda Ardern jumped online from her own home to cheerfully answer their questions about the  coronavirus lockdown. No political BS, just simple, clear information. Can anyone imagine Scott Morrison doing this? "
"Meanwhile in Australia, dole queues and nothing...Scott Morrison has adjourned parliament so he can bunker down....more to avoid scrutiny than the  coronavirus   StayHome is for everyone EXCEPT the government. "
"Maybe our NRL and AFL football stars can start sending messages like this to the medical front line people in Australia. Don't forget Scott Morrison and the National Cabinet who are leading the fight. We are all at war so love and support each other. "
"  Wouldve been far better to implement universal basic income paid into accounts like Rudds cash stimulus w/o having to register at or queue for miles at C'link. Wouldve cost more but would save all this stressful bs. Scott Morrison/Josh Frydenberg have no common sense"
"Thank you Scott Morrison, my family and I agree with        coronavirus  covid19australia"
"Get behind ScoMo "
"    It is. She has integrity. So, please can Scott Morrison NOT do this."
"Would you like fries with that?  "
"      which coincidentally is where Scott Morrison belongs. Then we push him into the sea."
" ScottyFromMarketing resurrects a half-arsed, Clayton's CES (staffed by his buddies) decades after Howard destroyed the original CES.  How much are taxpayers shelling out to Scott Morrison's pals on the  covid19australia Commission?   AUSpol  LNPfail  "
"Can we all finally concede that Border Force is a tool of enforcing racist control of borders. Peter Dutton and Scott Morrison are racists.  auspol"
"If Scott Morrison glowed in the dark would we call him GlowMo or ScoGlow"
"From the Minister for Hairdressers, Barbers and Funerals, Mr Scott Morrison. "
"There's no evidence god helps congenital cretins any more than anyone else.  My evidence: god didn't help Scott Morrison and his gangsters much, did he.  And he is nominally in charge of the worst crisis in living memory.  Doesn't say much for anyone else's chances either. "
"  This is how clear Scott Morrison and the govt are with their message  coronavirusau  covid19australia"
"Any suggestion that Prime Minister Scott Morrison has acted in a timely manner re  Covid19Aus is plainly absurd: the facts speak for themselves                      "
"The government wants you dead. Use your brain and close your businesses  "
"2/ Poor people dont drive cars ~ Also Hockey I will not engage in  unfunded empathy ~ Scott Morrison PM There is nothing wrong with retailers increasing prices. It ensures products can be bought by those who value them the most. ~ IPA adjunct fellow Matthew Lesh 3/"
"Scott Morrison: Freeze rents &amp; mortgages for the duration of Coronavirus - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Even when Scott Morrison is listening, he's deaf. The Australian Hairdressing Council wants hairdressing salons etc shut down, but once again, Morrison only hears what he wants to hear.  If even one gets COVID-19, they should sue him.  "
"  Heres the difference:  Jacinta Ardern/ Italian Mayors:  Understand the gravitas of the current global  coronavirus situation  Drastically amend rules and quickly make changes  Explain said changes succinctly within a single press conference.  Scott Morrison:  **NOPE**."
"We are getting some high quality decision making from PM Scott Moron, sorry Scott Morrison.  Auspol  covid19australia  coronavirusaustralia "
"I had a sweet dream that Scott Morrison was in a pub alone for some reason and getting absolutely roasted by the locals on being 100% dogshit to the point he went and hid out the back. No one could find the cunt, I think he slipped and fell into a garbage truck. Keep dreamin!"
"Sster is a hairdresser from home. She complied with the government's orders and cancelled all her future appointments as they wouldn't be under 30 minutes, costing her thousands. Less than 24 hours later the rules are lifted. You're a fucking joke Scott Morrison.  coronavirus"
"They feel theyre not getting told the whole story.   on Scott Morrisons marketing failure over  COVID19au. "
" auspol New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinta Adern announces Stage 4 complete lockdown . Meanwhilst in Australia Scott Morrison and his National Cabinet lift restrictions on hairdressers and mutual obligation for Newstart continues .Crazy !! A de facto  herd immunity it appears."
"  I will take Kevin McCloud over Scott Morrison any day of the week!"
"Coronavirus crisis:  After spending the Night Consulting his Wife,  PM Morrison reveals a long list of restricted activities COVID-19 lockdown - The first thing Aussies can do is Nothing, Morrison says in Confused State.  "
"Ok... so I am going to have to ask this.  Is someone in Scott Morrison's immediate family a hair dresser? Or is he just super concerned about being on trend with haircuts for all his press conferences?"
"  JustCuts was founded in Scott Morrison's electorate "
"The clear message is that Scott Morrison is not fit to be Prime Minister. Let's not beat about the bush. Psychologically and by virtue of technical incompetence, he is unfit. | Katharine Murphy "
"Scott Morrison is a man of the people, lifting restrictions on hairdressers and barbers so everyone can get a cracka fade before he shuts it down for good like the rest of the non-essential services.  auspol  /S"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has announced the 30-minute limit per client for hairdressers and barbers will be lifted effective immediately. 4sqm rule still applies. National Cabinet to meet again tomorrow. We will keep you posted.  auspol  covid19Australia  COVID2019"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has now dropped the 30-minute rule for hairdressers and barbers, after the government copped backlash  coronavirusaustralia "
"  True that, but may our PM (Scott Morrison) is using this as his chance to put the fire debacle behind him and make him look like a champion"
"    You mean like Scott Morrison is working with Albonese,   where has she been, idiot."
"Thoughts people?   "
"Australia in the last 9 days have lost 60,000 jobs  "
" SCOTT MORRISON !! Do like America and Europe instead of making Australia' dole doubled for people never lost there jobs pay 80% of wage to those have lost jobs put economy to sleep 14 days complete shut down you drag this thing out will destroy people's life mate"
"DAVID SOLOMON. The Government could do better | John Menadue  Pearls and Irritations  First to go should be Scott Morrison and Peter Dutton. Is there anyone in the Morrison government who will stand up to their masters and actually do their sworn duty??? "
"Scott Morrison restrictions meaningless without the STATES ."
"Scott Morrisons performance review: he has been found wanting. Whats the next step? Preferably BEFORE 150,000 Australians die of the  coronavirus because the hospital system collapsed and Scotty, sleeping on the job, allowed vital medicines &amp; equipment shipped o/seas. "
"Scott Morrison            PETER DUTTON, SCOTT MORRISON STEVEN MARSHALL  lockdown "
"Catching up with the very good   and listened to an episode from NEARLY TWO MONTHS AGO where they were talking about an inadequate response by Scott Morrison to the COVID19 situation. NEARLY TWO MONTHS and nothing has gotten even remotely better. Frightening really..."
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has repeatedly stressed the importance of only leaving home for essential gatherings, and it is baffling that this cruel hobby has been deemed an essential gathering."
"   Morrison not least prisoners have a release date my date is related to my plans is plan being approved so I am in that car parki year somany get left in"
"   COVID19Aus has gifted Scott Morrison an incredible prize. Executive Govt,with no oversight. He rorted &amp; stole when there was,imagine what hell do now!  coupitIS"
"who gives a toss who has operational responsibility, but to stand aside and blame other agencies is beyond comprehension. Exert from ABF web sites ""In May 2014, the Minister for Immigration and Border Protection Scott Morrison"
"Cleaners in the boardinghouse I just moved into just said ""it's a  Covid19 breeding ground"" and I must say, thanks Scott Morrison for everything you have brought to this country. All the employment prospects + housing options. Dr  Newstart OG salutes you.  auspol is killing it "
"Professor John Spoehr "" Scott Morrison needs to adopt the same income replacement strategy as the UK and pay all people who loose their jobs due to  COVID19 80% of their original income , it is the only way to bring Australia out at the other end  auspol "
"Scott Morrison        PETER DUTTON SCOTT MORRISON STEVEN MARSHALL  lockusdown "
"HIDING, he has made a freaking MESS of this and our blood will be on his hands   Scott Morrison    PETER DUTTON SCOTT MORRISON  LockdownSA "
"  I'm neither scared nor confused because I don't listen to Scott Morrison .  I am finding leadership from my Premier, truth from my medical experts, compassion from my community and affection from my friends."
"The prime minister needs to invite people to help one another, not punish them for being human. He needs to show humility in the face of the crisis, not anger. He needs to understand ...we are not boats to be turned back, but people to be invited in. "
" Coronavirus Australia: Scott Morrison's 'barre' gaffe in press conference.   via  "
"    Sure listen to Scott Morrison and the directive regarding international travel"
"The PM has told an extraordinary virtual G20 leaders meeting to save lives and cushion the economic blow of  coronavirusoutbreak  "
"    Yeah nah"
"    No one. It's been created by Scott Morrison."
"  I never voted for Scott Morrisons sweet talking budget lures last year because I could see through the temptation. Now all Scott Morrisons voters are waking up from their warlock vampire spells that cursed their lives for long terms. This will boost Albanese for decades."
"  "" Australia is on track to emulate Europe in  COVID19 , with no testing of people as they arrive in Australia by plane , no testing of asymptomatic people , taking too long to act , Scott Morrison is setting Us on a dangerous path  auspol "
"DANIEL HEPBURN HAS MORE OR LESS CARRIED A CONTRACT HIT ON THE COUNTRY FOR SCOTT MORRISON THE POLITICIAN OF 1999 WHO WAS REMOVED FROM PARLIAMENT AND PUT IN A MENTAL INSTITUTION AND HAS NOT BEEN HEARD FROM SINCE NAMED SCOTT MORRISON"
"no sure if trolling or pretend ijng to be Scott Morrison press officer. "
"  Also dob in a lazy tax payer funded public servant...  1 Scott Morrison 2 Gladys Bearjokinglee. 3 SA Premier. 4 5 6"
"2,000 more Australian workers unemployed. 2,000 workers that could have been kept in jobs if Scott Morrison enacted a guaranteed wage subsidy. This is economic vandalism.  wagesubsidy "
"      would it be sensible for Scott Morrison to state that he thinks we will be back to normal within 3 weeks? Is there any chance we will relax all lockdown by then?"
"So I'm not the only one thinking that Prime Minister Scott Morrison's real intent is for an est. 153,839 Australians to die and that all the piecemeal pandemic health measures he puts in place are designed to deliver that result  ScottMorrisonsPersonalWarOnThePoorAndVulnernable "
"Australias Prime Minister Scott Morrison has committed to helping pacific island nations tackle  COVID19 after an emergency meeting of the G20. He says aid will be reconfigured. Well watch for more details on this and other support.  auspol  PNG "
"Coronavirus updates: Prince Charles tests positive for COVID-19; Australia records ninth death; new restrictions now in effect "
"Those that are bashing Scott Morrison for 'confused messages', need to get through their heads that governments are dealing with highly complex issues. This is not about right or wrong. It's about difficult trade offs. The last thing we need now is the clarity of absolutes. "
"      Its all here. What the church used it for and what the grant is actually for "
"GREG DAVIES IS INVOLVED IN THIS ALSO USING PAPERS OF THE CIA NAMED SCOTT MORRISON HE IS 6FT TALL AND BALD ALSO ,,,FAKE ABDUCTIONS"
"Hairdressers have appealed to CMO Brendan Murphy to shut salons down after Scott Morrison revoked the 30-minute appointment limit, amid fears workers and customers are being put at serious risk of catching/spreading the coronavirus   auspol  "
"  All Scott Morrison supporters have to eat their own words.  Since the sweet talking budget last May which everyone were tempted by were all lured into the Coalitions trap so they know how to dominate controlling Australians into added extra political correctness than ever."
"    I can only read the first paragraph but it says this guy flew supplies into a disaster area in feb ... history says a fortnight later Scott Morrison was saying he was going to the footy and looking forward to it."
"According to a running count by Johns Hopkins University, the number of people infected in the US topped 82,000 on Thursday.  That's just ahead of the 81,000 cases in China and 80,000 in Italy. "
"  Scott Morrison is not up to making these policy changes.  Scott Morrison doesnt support workers.  If he did he would implement the 80% wage guarantee for workers."
"Student Nurses in Australia on placement should be paid during COVID-19  via   Not only have most of us lost our source of income due to the pandemic, we are expected to put ourselves at risk without the protection of sick leave. Please sign"
"When Australia experienced the worst bushfire season this year it was the arts sector who led the response. Benjamin Law nails it  auspol  In times of crisis, we turn to the arts. Now the arts is in crisis and Scott Morrison is silent |  "
" David Crowe straight from PMO ?"
"In times of crisis, we turn to the arts. Now the arts is in crisis  and Scott Morrison is silent |    WeAreInThisTogether  coronavirusaustralia  StimulusPackage2020"
"States to go into FULL lockdown if coronavirus cases keep exploding  via    AusPol its about time a full lockdown is needed close down the Airport as well"
"  What parliament? Dear  Dictator Leader Scott Morrison has abolished federal parliament.  HowGoodIsTHAT!  "
"So do we or we dont have this under control,just be HONEST with us States to go into FULL lockdown if coronavirus cases keep exploding  via  "
"There is nothing stress vomiting inducing like knowing that our Prime Minister is Scott Morrison.."
"  Your an egomaniac. Your personal rating drops behind Scott Morrison's so your strategy is stuff Australia and Australians, I'm going after everything the Government does and confuse everyone so my own personal ratings stop sliding in the confusion. You are so selfish"
"  Still waiting for my text message from dear leader Scott Morrison. Perhaps he has  blocked   too!   auspol  covid19australia "
"2 Liberal Backbenchers and 1 Frontbencher have revealed a MASSIVE fight broke out last night where LNP Cabinet went up against Scott Morrison. What a disaster!  After this Im certain there will be a leadership spill. Our political system is f**ked!   auspol  COVID19au "
"Australia is scared and confused about coronavirus. Is Scott Morrison the leader we need for this grave moment? "
"Coronavirus Australia news: NSW confirms 186 new cases as Victoria pushes for stage 3 lockdown  live updates "
"It's March 27, 2020 at 10:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"    I assumed it was irony.  Like, Scott Morrison, loved and respect by the Australian people .. "
"Scott Morrison said  We have got the lowest test positivity in the world  [but] we need to be judicious in the way that we use these testing kits  Where did the kits come from Scott Morrison ??? "
" CrimeMinister. Just seen the letterhead for the PRIME MINISTER.. It says the HONOURABLE SCOTT MORRISON.. WHAT A FUCKEN JOKE.. HE'S TOLD THAT MANY LIES, THAT EVEN HE CAN'T KEEP THEM STRAIGHT.. ANGUS, BRIDGET, THE PAEDOPHILE COVERER, BRIAN HOUSTON.. THE LIST GOES ON.... "
" FreeKylie  actnow4kylie  Please sign the petition &amp; be her voice  "
"    Two words in reply. Scott Morrison "
"Coronavirus and the economy: We need green stimulus not fossil fuel bailouts  Wait for Scott Morrison to give public money to the fossil fuel industry after the  covid19aus crisis finishes  auspol  climatechange  via  "
"Excellent as usual from Flanagan but question 1st sent, 2nd para -  (govt) appears to be acting on scientific advice  Australia is scared and confused about coronavirus. Is Scott Morrison the leader we need for this grave moment? | Richard Flanagan "
"The 60,000 job losses in the last 9 days in Aus will kill more people here than C19 will. "
"Denied a fair trial Denied legal rights Denied access to family Denied human rights Denied furlough Treated with indifference by govt &amp; media How much worse does it have to get for  KylieMooreGilbert before anyone does anything?  actnow4kylie Please sign  "
"  Unlike Scott Morrison, he did not study economic geography."
"   Benjamin Law quote in the Guardian  In times of crisis, we turn to the arts. Now the arts is in crisis and Scott Morrison is silent  "
"Scott Morrison Sorry! No Lockdown.  Good Bsiness for our Pharmacies, Mates, Ministers &amp; Proxies. Few 100 or 1000 dead Aussies are expandable.  Daily Mail: Retailers plead with Scott Morrison to lock down Australia and shut all stores.   via  "
"Mr Trump! I know that we Aussies Will die an Agonising Death soon! Before we do, PLEASE Nuke China with Mass Drone &amp; F-35 Delivery of Nuclear Measure of 135kt Warheads All over China! All those Dog, Cat &amp; Exotic Animal eating Low Life Idiots Caused This!  "
"Tried to keep my peace but Im sick of seeing people praising Scott Morrison &amp; his government for their efforts during this pandemic on my Facebook feed when the fact is that the government were informed by the WHO of the coronavirus 12 weeks ago and did absolutely nothing"
"Morrison statement on economic response to pandemic: I urged the G20 to act with resolve and urgency. Yet stimulus payments via Centrelink, start being paid from 27 April, more than 4 weeks away Urgency? Another contradiction "
"he rose to the top in a system that rewarded the most conspiratorial, where those most brazen with public acts of threat and punishment would be rewarded and celebrated, where the language was always about evasion of truth and avoidance of responsibil "
"Good strong singling from Scott Morrison on the Pacific.   ""Australia has offered to help the Pacific region in a wider G20 effort, discussed in the emergency videoconference, to help developing nations deal with the COVID-19 virus.""  "
"      Yeah. (sigh) Queue it behind the one for Angus Taylor's FORGERY , Bridget Mckenzie's SPORTSRORTS, Scott Morrison's BUSHFIRES response. They're just stacking up in the corner, each buried &amp; forgotten as the next bigger, more brazen and totally monumental do-over comes along (sigh)"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has signalled more help for Australia's neighbours in the Pacific after a G20 teleconference on Thursday night discussed the pressure on small or developing nations  auspol  coronavirus Good. via  "
"Hey Scott Morrison, could we like  maybe uhhh , go into lockdown? Hahaha xx"
"In times of crisis, we turn to the arts. Now the arts is in crisis and Scott Morrison is silent "
"  Scott Morrison  What are your foreign ministers   &amp;   doing to secure  KylieMooreGilbert's release? Why has nothing been heard from her for weeks? What are   &amp;   doing to gain access to her?  FreeKylie "
"      Scott Morrison as a parliamentary pension afterwards. Id ask all the ex pollies with their pensions to help off set the cost. Call it a team Australia kick in  pandemiclevy"
"Scott Morrisons approach is unemployment first. His stubborn refusal to match Boris Johnsons wage subsidies throws more people on the scrap heap now &amp; means theyll have no money to spend, once businesses can re-open. Hes just prolonging the economic pain."
"States to go into FULL lockdown if coronavirus cases keep exploding  via  "
"Scott Morrison is told he needs 'war plan' to deal with coronavirus pandemic at G20's 'Zoom' summit -  -  uspolitics  trump  potus  Election2020"
" ScottyFromMarketing: Freeze rents &amp; mortgages for the duration of  COVID19.  covid19australia  auspol "
"States to go into FULL lockdown if coronavirus cases keep exploding defying Morrison "
"  One thing we can do is lock ourselves down. The last person I feel comfortable taking advice from is Scott Morrison."
"        The biggest moment of sports heartbreak in my life. I still refuse to watch highlights"
"""I need to decide whether it's safe for me to come home to my children""...  This is decision Scott Morrison is forcing upon every healthcare worker...all so he can protect ""jobs"" that have already gone and will only possibly come back if we get control of  COVID19  lockdown "
"Scott Morrison, Boris Johnson, Donald Trump. What do they have in common? Let me help you...incompetence.   coronavirus  COVID19  Australia  coronavirusaustralia  CoronaVillains  coronavirusususa"
"NZ PM   has raised this issue directly with Scott Morrison several times in the last few weeks. "
"Do not let her be forgotten  FreeKylie Please sign the petition  "
"Nothing's changed, still doing what I can to protect myself and those around me. If a law comes in I haven't heard about the police/the Army will stop me, but I haven't listened to Scott Morrison or anyone from this fake-arse govt for days and I feel alive  COVID19  auspol "
"scott morrison "
"  Is that a Scott Morrison reference"
"  The ineptitude of our conservative neoliberal government is on full display. The states have had to take the lead &amp; force the federal government to get their shit together. If you ever want to see someone talk, make no sense, &amp; not actually say anything, watch PM Scott Morrison."
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has urged the Australian public to avoid using the word lockdown, saying it creates unnecessary anxiety and contributes to panic-buying."
"Scott Morrison cant decide whether or not to close hairdressers, meanwhile in Italy the cameraman tells the President to fix your hair before the live address and he responds, Hey Giovanni, Im not going to the barber either    "
"    Scott Morrison Scott Morrisons Non-actions cost lives"
" Coronavirus  Australia live news: Scott Morrison prepares nation for quiet weekend in amid COVID-19 crisis  "
"  That would be Scott Morrison, the Neville Chamberlain of the Coronavirus War, that Sheridan is gushing about?"
"  Scott Morrison You couldve saved all our lives and all our jobs back in February   Scott Morrison letting Australian people down again"
"Scott Morrison has cautioned the Australian public against saying this one word as the nation continues to battle the COVID-19 outbreak.  "
"  Actually Scott Morrison can mitigate the risks greatly by doing a better job...not enough PPE gear, not tough enough on lockdown, help get people off the street, help homeless &amp; unemployed, help healthcare workers isolate from families etc..appreciate the kind words though"
"LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN LOCKDOWN   scomo  Why PM doesnt want us to say lockdown  via  "
" scottmorrisononlycaresaboutmoney Scott Morrison  Scott Morrison refuses to  lockusdown  shutdownaustralia  shutaustraliadown  CoronaLockdown  coronavirusaustralia    "
"Scott Morrison, you're the PM. Grow some balls and freeze rent, mortgages and all other normal bills. Under these conditions it would keep your precious economy in stasis thereby keeping it afloat. Give everyone food stamps and then lock down."
"    Poor taste is an understatement. Like a high school bully. Think next time, you are meant to be a representative of the Australian taxpayers. Time to grow up. How about an apology, that would be an adult thing to do, to Scott Morrison and the Australian people."
"Of the total assistance, ""only"" $30 billion would go into the economy through the three months to the end of June. Its all about the money with Scott Morrison. He doesnt care about people."
"Incompetent Scott Morrisons total stimulus by the federal, state governments equated to 3.7 per cent of GDP. This was less than the 4.3 per cent of GDP run out during the global financial crisis."
"Scott Morrison is trying his best for the economy but the election i queensland was not necessary "
"In 14 areas across Australia, including Newcastle, Scott Morrison has just slashed the size bulk billing incentives.  Sign the petition to help save bulk billing! "
"Scott Morrison SCOTT MORRISON    PETER DUTTON    GREG HUNT                CoronaLockdown  coronavirusaustralia  ShutUsDown  shutdownaustralia   COVID19Aus "
"  I am speechless, am I living in some parallel world or another planet, one that has an alternative Scott Morrison  from the world they live in. I've been a liberal supporter all my life(no longer).He has utterly failed in every aspect, I don't even listen to him any more."
"Scott Morrison SCOTT MORRISON    PETER DUTTON    GREG HUNT    STEVEN MARSHAL   ANTHONY ALBANESE  lockusdown  ShutUsDown  shutdownaustralia  shutaustraliadown  coronavirusaustralia  CoronaLockdown  covid19australia  covid19australia "
"we do not trust you Scott Morrison Greg Hunt or Peter Dutton Scott Morrison       lockusdown  shutdownaustralia   shutaustraliadown   CoronaLockdown  Covid_19australia  coronavirusaustralia     "
"The word PM doesnt want used "
"Scott Morrison scott morrison   greg hunt    peter dutton    steven marshall   Anthony Albanese  lockusdown  shutaustraliadown  australialockdown "
"  Scott Morrison may be a buffoon but Andrews definitely is not PM material... be careful what you wish for"
"Exclusive footage of Scott Morrison preparing for yesterdays press conference.    ScottyFomMarketing  auspol  COVID19Aus "
"A fractured nation faces its greatest foe  via   But by their actions it's plain that the premiers are frustrated with Scott Morrison past any point of patience and have started to exert their own powers."
"Bipartisan lockdown rift widens "
"    He might be a hotshot Professor... but Brendan Murphy is a renal specialist  not an epidemiologist  ... surely our CMO should have great expertise &amp; experience in this field  ... not kidneys ... another failed Morrison captains choice ... might as well have Scott Cam!"
"It's March 28, 2020 at 10:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"Lock us down, you left everything else too late, you only care about the economy and are prepared to lose lives and burden society for  $  Lockdownaustralia Scott Morrison Scott Morrison        COVID19au  CoronaLockdown  auspol  ShutAustraliaDown"
"This is the stuff that the Fed Govt has been weighing up. For all the criticism of Scott Morrison, he has an unenviable task - finding the line between deaths from a virus and longer term injuries and deaths from domestic abuse, suicide, depression, alcoholism etc "
"What the experts say here is a far cry from the deceitful dribble coming from Scott Morrison.   via  "
"  Next Q&amp;A on abc will have Yassmin Abdel-Magied and Marcia Langton to pronounce Scott Morrison's coronavirus policies as deeply islamophobic and racist."
"Question to the prime minister Scott Morrison what happens to the homeless people in the streets of Australia where it's concerns the crona viras okay As I have never heard On TV Or the News about this matter okay"
"      Unless it is Australian PM, Scott Morrison. He is used to people ignoring his hand shake."
"They all use the same playbook. Oh...did I mention...Scott Morrison is a Conservative   TrumpVirus  CoronaLockdown   Boris  cdnpoli  Canada   BolsonaroCorno   TrumpLiesAmericansDie "
"  Goodonya Clive. What does this whole Corona Virus thing mean?  It seems very sinister. And why is New World Order mentioned so often by Scott Morrison?  Are you a New World Order /Globalisation Advocate Clive? NWO far more dangerous than Scientology.  Watch &amp; Seeeee "
"  This article helps explain how the  PM's ""Pentecostalism is in fact the perfect faith for a conviction politician without convictions."" Note the PM attends the Horizon Church in Sutherland.  Rapture  coronavirusaus "
"  That was a Scott Morrison quote btw."
"  Problem is Scott Morrison and the rest of the LNP are still locked in an idealogical mindset where the unemployed are undeserving poor. They are incapable of responding to the reality of millions of Australians suddenly losing everything."
"  Scott Morrison -  Scomo  Scovid19  Scovid"
"Simple, because  PM Scott Morrison  is a Conservative.  See the pattern yet?  Canada  cdnpoli  abpoli  onpoli  mbpoli  skpoli   Boris  TrumpVirus  uk   BolsonaroCorno   CoronaLockdown   coronavirus  COVID19   CoronaVirusCanada "
"    Indigenous Australians enjoy a healthy life expectancy? That's as believable as Scott Morrison being an intelligent life form. Get outta here."
"    Why does the tweet not say Scott Morrisons testy phone call with   ? Maybe it was him that was the problem."
"Did Daniel Andrews just let All Victorians down  Is he all talk &amp; no action like Scott Morrison?    Blase  ShellBeRight  NothingToWorryAbout  CoronavirusOutbreak"
"Coronavirus stage 3 restrictions:  Why PM didnt announce Tighter measures on Coronavirus,  Because he is a Loose Cannon!   God Forbid on everything he did,  does he understand any thing about the killer Virus Covid!"
"Seeing comments on Facebook that Scott Morrison is doing really well in this pandemic.   What. The. Flying. Fuck."
"Scott Morrison SCOTT MORRISON   Greg Hunt    Peter Dutton Professor Brendan Murphy  Covid_19australia  coronavirusaustralia  Covid_19   Australia  Lockdownaustralia "
"A must read which is equally important in understanding Scott Morrisons approach to the  bushfires and the  COVID19Aus crises. It is based on the denial of science and critical thinking. Australia is now being run by a religious ultraconservative.  auspol "
"      Scott Morrison went into this crisis with a serious credibility problem. The public has not forgiven or forgotten his misjudgment of the public mood over bushfires They still dont get it - it wasnt just the MOOD he misjudged, it was EVERYTHING.  coronavirusaustralia"
" COVID19Aus Scott Morrison needs to introduce rent relief to avoid 2m homeless"
"Businesses to ""hibernate"" through coronavirus crisis, Scott Morrison says - (WHAT THE FUCK does it even mean?)   COVID19au"
"  This will confirm all your fears. "
"By their actions it's plain that the premiers are frustrated with Scott Morrison past any point of patience and have started to exert their own powers!  auspol  via  "
"  Did you see Scott Morrison and how exhausted he looked the other day?"
"  Pentecostal. This is why Australia will be ruined. "
"""The state premier who has lodged perhaps the clearest vote of no-confidence in Canberra is, like Scott Morrison, a Liberal. So this is not about partisan politics. It's about policy and performance.""   auspol "
"Cometh the hour cometh the man. The man came but it was not Scott Morrison "
"    Too soon?   Coincidentally, Too Soon is the mantra of our Prime Minister...Scott Morrison.   We should reduce gatherings to 500, Prime Minister.    PM: Too soon. I am going to the footy this weekend...and Brian has a marketing gig on Sunday"
"  Scott Morrison            PETER DUTTON GREG HUNT SCOTT MORRISON  COVID19Aus  coronavirusaustralia "
"[new column] Australia has responded to  coronavirus with too little, too late. But Scott Morrison is doing as good a job as anybody could reasonably expect of him. The problem is the infeffective and inconsistent public health advice.    auspol "
"it all about the $$$ Scott Morrison      let us down and exposed us     Scott Morrison Peter Dutton Greg Hunt  COVID19Aus  CoronaLockdown "
"    Prime Minister Scott Morrison says every day someone is in a job is a day worth fighting for.  ""The more we can do that every day matters. It matters to the person whose job it is. It matters to their families.""  (This goes to the heart of why shutdown measures are staged.)"
"It's not working: Scott Morrison's late-night coronavirus messages only sow confusion | Katharine Murphy "
"Coronavirus Australia live news: Scott Morrison prepares nation for quiet weekend in amid COVID-19 crisis "
"After this pandemic is over, Ill be fascinated if anyone feels comforted by what Scott Morrison has done to help us through.  I started out wanting to get behind the elected leaders in a crisis, but this guy is inept.  auspol  coronavirusau"
"  I wish we had the competent, effective, resolute Scott Morrison they have on whatever version of Earth they reside on. The one we have is a dumpster fire."
"SCOTT MORRISON IS LIKE A DEER IN THE HEADLIGHTS  "
"I normally don't like Daniel Andrews but gee whiz he has handled this whole pandemic as a true leader. Clear cut firm message &amp; orders for all Victorians Scott Morrison on the other hand goes from ""I'm going to rugby""   ""rugby is not safe"" ""Haircuts under 30"" ......."
"we will find leadership to sustain us through this terrible time elsewhere. We will find it in our doctors and nurses, we will find it in our state leaders, and we will find among those in our communities already setting up initiatives to help each other. "
"""But by their actions it's plain that the premiers are frustrated with Scott Morrison past any point of patience and have started to exert their own powers.""  "
"In the absence of capacity for welfare support or stimulus package, I would have expected President Mnangagwa to call for national solidarity like Scott Morrison did in Australia. Feed your neighbour, donate food to the poor, waiver rentals, give anything you can spare."
"    Scott Morrison   Ask Scott Morrison whether that glass is half empty or half full because he was holding the water pitcher when he had EVERY OPPORTUNITY to make sure the glass was FULL.  He gets ZERO retrospective empathy or support: His inaction has left people to DIE and that sadly, is a FACT."
"Australia is scared and confused about coronavirus. Is Scott Morrison the leader we need for this grave moment? | Richard Flanagan  "
"Anyone notice Richard Flanagans use of the word ill-fitting to describe Scott Morrison.  I had to laugh at the subtle reference to Scott Morrisons belittling of Bill Shorten, referring to his ill-fitting suits.  Clever."
"  Scott Morrison   Thankyou Scott Morrison and all of our government for all that you are doing in Australia for us take care STAY SAFE ALL LOVE AND PEACE ALWAYS TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY AND FRIENDS "
"Superb read.    Australia is scared and confused about coronavirus. Is Scott Morrison the leader we need for this grave moment? | Richard Flanagan "
"It's March 28, 2020 at 09:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"Scott Morrison can't abandon workers in the midst of a crisis.   Sign our petition to demand our government it must save jobs and guarantee a wage subsidy of 80%.     COVID19Aus  ausunions   coronavirusaustralia   wagesubsidynow "
"      Agreed. The lack of coordinated national leadership from PM Scott Morrison is disqualifying.  He follows prosperity theology. SloMo is obstructing isolation measures, subjecting the Australian population to a survival of the fittest economy.  States need to enact strict isolation"
"Scott Morrison should say go for it but the NSW government should be held to account when thousands more join the dole queue and essential workers have to stay home because the schools are closed. "
"March 28  April 3, 2020: Exclusive: Inside the hunt for a vaccine  Almost three weeks ago, Halton wrote to Prime Minister Scott Morrison and the Australian government on behalf of CEPI, urging significant investment.We havent had a response yet  auspol"
"The Prime minister and his Cabinet have taken lying to such depths that it is not disingenuous to suggest that this government under Morrison no longer has a moral compass nor any understanding of truth. "
"LIVE: Global COVID-19 updates "
"If anyone is well and truly earning their salary these days it is Scott Morrison....but you can't fix stupid "
"    Scott Morrison     Soooooo lucky!  Scott Morrison cant organise a prayer group at a Hillsong conference."
"Exclusive: NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian will push for stage three restrictions - akin to a shutdown of Sydney - at National Cabinet Sunday night. Plus her testy phone call with Scott Morrison over school closures. "
"Australia is scared and confused about coronavirus. Is Scott Morrison the leader we need for this grave moment? | Richard Flanagan "
"            Boy you look like your dad in that picture  likefatherlikeson"
"    Does this mean that potentially the individual states can raise militia and arrest Scott Morrison for treason? Dissolving Parliament is endangering the lives of its citizens."
"Scott Morrison: A fair go to International Students and Temporary Visa Holders amid the global crisis - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"        Right after this game, Morrison fronted his grunge band for a memorable 12-song set."
"Coronavirus Australia live news: Scott Morrison to detail $1.1bn health and family violence package "
"      Wait! You are an Australian and critiquing OUR President? Your opinion about him is irrelevant as a non-citizen and non taxpayer in the USA! I dont make derogatory comments about PM Scott Morrison or the governors of NSW and Victoria; Margaret Beazley &amp; Linda Dessau. Stop It!!"
"Host on ABC News just said Scott Morrison would be stepping up soon. I doubt it."
"  There are a lot of answers on here, but here goes,... The correct answer... is... Scott Morrison. Hope this helps Naomi."
"  Gee will I tune in to another Scott Morrison presser or will I bang my head a against a wall for 15 minutes. Now which is the most productive?  auspol  Cormann Greg Sheridan? Rupert Murdoch?"
"Coronavirus Australia: Inside Scott Morrison's expert medical advice circle "
"      Yep good question,  parliament has adjourned for six months during the  pandemic, that was the call of Prime Minister Scott Morrison. Quite incredible"
"Inside Scott Morrisons very corporate COVID-19 commission "
"Yes, these are hard problems to solve. But calling them complicated, which seems to be the Canberra consensus, wont make them any less urgent. "
" auspol Amazing now the  abcnews reports the Prime Minister Scott Morrison about to announce a $1.1 Billion package for Mental Health and it's just wonderful  If he had done that a month ago they would have had 10  IPA representatives on all day  Decrying this slip into Socialism"
"Coronavirus Australia Live News:     's 'touch of unreality' (on   this morning) analysis  Latest Updates   cc      auspol   "
"    I wonder if Mark McGown panicked due to the disaster that happened with the cruise ship in Sydney? Scott Morrison wouldn't know the specific details of hospitals in WA so surely it was a WA decision to use private hospitals -as it seems now a big mistake"
"time to start campaigning to convince scott morrison I am too big to fail"
"If Scott Morrison genuine about concerns for health of those losing jobs hed implement a wage subsidy now, taking pressure &amp; stress off households.  auspol  coronavirus"
"15-4A MVP - Trevon Dennis Off MVP - T'Vondrick Henry Def MVP - Trae Jonson Newcomer - Braylon Mickens Coach - Billy Steed  1st J Mitchell J Lee J Hunter K Atkins C Scott C Layton  2nd G Hollje B Wafer R Harris B Carmony M Burris L Hughes P Morrison  "
"The Scott Morrison govt's response to  coronavirus has been not to be prepared for a pandemic they were warned was coming in January, mixed messaging, a couple of minor stimulus packages going mostly to business before shutting up shop... WageSubsidy  Lockdown"
"Scott Morrison announces $1.1billion plan for further coronavirus support in Australia - thread below:  * $669m for Medicare telehealth - FaceTime options available "
"Clown, Stuart Robert still has a job because he is a  hillsongcult mate of Scott Morrison.   insiders  auspol  Covid_19  COVID19au "
"  None of us really know, but if Scott Morrison is now a dictator doesn't that mean that whoever he orders to do anything is under his control? I'm thinking the AFP, the Army, all public servants &amp; more! He is unchecked by any democratic processes!"
"Is there a valid legal document that can be created by the public online to demand and force Scott Morrison into action? Something in the constitution that grants executive power for a specific plebiscite, like ""get back to work and work together or we will sack you all""..?"
"Coronavirus Australia Live News:   Covid-19 cases rise above 3,600 (14 deaths)  Latest Updates   "
"Has the Morrison gov forgotten pensioners,  newstart now more than pension,  my cost of living has gone up 35% due to food costs, i am now going backwards rapidly.  Please Scott more for pensioners."
" BREAKING Prime Minister Scott Morrison will hold a press conference at 11am.   coronavirus  auspol"
"  Open your eyes and ears. Scott Morrison is already hailing front line health workers in his long and convoluted press conferences. He well knows what lies ahead. Ask abt Australian stockpiles and preparedness."
"  The Prime Minister is Scott Morrison Scott Morrison"
"Remember when the government boasted it was 'tough on borders'?  via  scott morrison is a new billy graham should be leader of some religious cult  "
"    Scott Morrison PM. Not fit for purpose"
"                    Clearly   bigged time us with the Team  swag!  StayReady"
"          Boooooom. Is it even a challenge without a   picture? Lets go coaches. What you got       ? "
"  Being Australian, I would throw him Scott Morrison !"
"Scott Morrison ,  you must lockdown the community to stop the spread of the virus, and you need to start paying the people a weekly installment of money .  thats our money Scott"
"I don't believe this rubbish for 1 second. Morrison has a plan to bring on the rapture, Australians are going to die for a haircut. If you follow this creeps advise, you better get your affairs in order.  coronavirusau  ScottyFromMarketing   Covid_19  "
"                   Challenge accepted. I nominate       "
"  I would actually argue that people don't take Scott Morrison seriously, and won't listen to him, due to his handling of the previous crisis."
"You should not be mentioning albo he has gone quiet on twitter, so he should criticising Scott Morrison when he has nothing constructive to say. "
"Coronavirus crisis response helps Scott Morrison lead in polls | The New Daily   Auspol who are they polling? Clearly, noone on Twitter.  CoalitionCriminalSyndicate"
"  Scott Morrison is Nothing But A Word Man. Little to No Action (always), just plenty of Chastising &amp; Patronising Blsht Words."
"    Scott Morrison   My parents are in Paraguay. They were originally due back in May. They changed their flight to the 24th to head back as per Scott Morrison. There were no other flights available prior. That was cancelled. It was rebooked again in the 25th by Latam. Cancelled again."
"Covid-19 cases rise above 3,600, &amp; national death toll stands at 14, as Scott Morrison prepares to outline next stage of govt response &amp; NSW govt warns parks may be closed if people continue to break social distancing rules. Follow all the latest news "
"Scott Morrison by his refusal to be accountable has violated his responsibility of service to the Australian people and is in default: He has assumed the role of an autocratic dictator. As such must be removed from office. "
"  Morrison Has to shut down hairdressers b4 some of them can stay home. Morrison is going to Financially Destroy So Many ppl.He Needs to Wake Up.These are ppl who help carry Australia,While Scott Morrison Runs it into the ground."
"Part of Scott Morrison's childhood book collection goes on exhibit at the National Library   auspol  books  australialockdown  Australia "
"(12) I don't expect my political opponents to say the same about Simon Bridges, Scott Morrison, Donald Trump, or Boris Johnson.   I do expect maturity, common sense, and basic courtesy, though.   I know I will never see everyone showing this. That's OK."
"  Stop the bullshit politics.  Not sure why you hate Scott Morrison so much but is affecting you.  If we don't support the National Cabinet and people like you try to divide this country the consequences are huge.  Your tweets will come back to bite you."
"    You're kidding? He is far too late on this decision, at least 1 week too late. If his name was Scott Morrison there'd be calls for his sacking..."
"  ""At what stage does the cure become worse than the disease""  When the  coronavirusau pandemic is being handled by Scott Morrison?"
"Apparently Scott Morrison doesnt like being compared with Jacinta Ardern, buggered if I know why  "
"      Scott Morrison is a public servant as are all politicians, cut his pay as well as they shut down Parliament until August. Also cut Gina RIneharts fuels subsidies as well. F  the private sector they are useless turds hanging off for taxpayers money."
"      I had no idea Scott Morrison was playing 5 D chess this whole time [...]"
"    If his name was Scott Morrison he'd have been heavily criticised for making this decision far too late. It's 1 week too late, possibly more...Failure of a premier..."
"  Scott Morrison. Brendan Murphy. The national cabinet, which thankfully features some members with a brain unlike the aforementioned odd couple. The mining industry. Murdoch."
"The inability for Scott Morrison to pass legislation in the absence of a legislature is a check on his power. And the federal judiciary still exists, so there is another branch of government."
"It's March 29, 2020 at 10:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"Thank you Scott Morrison !  Scott Morrison announces $1.1bn coronavirus package for Aussies stuck at home "
"Scott Morrison is a metaphor for social distancing.  insiders"
" insiders ""Through the looking glass"" says James Campbell.  And on this side of the mirror Tweedledum and Tweedledee are played brilliantly by Scott Morrison and Stuart Robert.  Neither should remain in their respective roles.  Incompetence and cowardice in equal measure."
"    Scott Morrison   Everybody loves Scott Morrison."
"Sources tell me Scott Morrison is planning a new social distancing awareness campaign.   'What the bloody hell are you doing there?'"
"  just lock the state down now, people still ignoring laws and lockdown will stop the spread of this to just be a stand alone state to do it if Scott Morrison doesn't want tp"
"Scott Morrison is like the fat kid who makes the senior team when the good players are on holiday. Then through a series of bureaucratic bungles, miss-steps and cock-ups, they cant get rid of him "
"                                        When the karate chop comes out...........   its the final attempt for calmness. "
"Scott Morrison: LOCK AUSTRALIA DOWN ALREADY!!!  via  "
"Scott Morrison likes to make announcements. Often, what he announces never eventuates He is 100% untrustworthy"
"Scott Morrison and Peter Dutton were planning to detain people who wouldnt self-isolate weeks ago, so dont think this is just because a few overseas travelers flouted mandated quarantine. They saw their opportunity and took it."
"Scott Morrison is like a fat kid who makes the senior team when the good players are on holiday. Then through a series of bureaucratic bungles, miss-steps and cock-ups, they can't get rid of him....  via  "
".  : Stuart Robert, mate of Scott Morrison, regarded in Canberra as a clown. All of Australia agrees with you!  insiders"
"Scott Morrison is like a fat kid who makes the senior team when the good players are on holiday. Then through a series of bureaucratic bangles, miss-steps and cock-ups, they cant get rid of him. "
"Scott Morrison: Demand An Immediate Shutdown Of The Horse Racing Industry - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Scott Morrison announces forced quarantine for all Australian arrivals  video "
"Moh scales of hardness: Glass Diamond Greg Sheridan's boner for Scott Morrison "
"Stuart Robert lied in the first instance because that is the Scott Morrison govt's default response to every one of the never ending scandals...history says there will be no accountability  insiders"
"Scott Morrison "
"    The elections were ridiculous. Many did not vote and will take a fine. They should be redone. This was the start of Scott Morrison being elected."
"  Totally agree. This is as bad , no its not , its worse than Scott Morrison telling people that hes going to the footy . Absolute madness by the Queensland government and this alone should see them lose the next election."
"Scott Morrison's decision to shut down parliament in the middle of a nat...  via  "
"PM... Scott Morrison is correct/  Cabinet witness human behaviour &amp; did NADA/  So yes they do know/  Cause &amp; affect/ The last 7 years/  Stagnated wages/ Homeless/  SLAVE Visa's/ Robo-debt collections/ =900+ suicide, in 1yr one state/   insiders  4corners  TheDrum  abc730  auspol"
"  Committee of corporate PM appointed execs. Parliament closed for 5 months. Gambling, mining, energy interests "
"Coronavirus Australia live news: Covid-19 cases rise above 3,600  latest updates "
"$1.1bn package for Aussies stuck at home - via    COVID19Australia  coronavirus  auapol  COVID19Aus   "
"  The only conclusion one can draw from the Scott Morrison led policy is that he sees the large number of deaths as trade off for the economy- but the economy will fail too."
"Prime Minister Scott Moron, sorry, Scott Morrison holds up a Novelty Coronavirus Isolation Declaration Card and shouts at Australians as part of his Alienate Australia campaign.    auspol  ScottyFomMarketing  covid19australia  coronavirusaustralia  insiders "
"What?? Scotty says it's up to the State Premiers to make their own decisions.. Then you just said ""Scott Morrison won't agree with Premiers on Stricter Restrictions""  Whats the truth here?? Scott Morrison Lying again or Premiers?  insiders  Enough"
"""There is an economic case for full shutdown""...exactly, we're dragging out the pain but Scott  Morrison is desperate to duck a  wagesubsidy...while bailing out the airlines which stood down workers anyway  insiders"
"""...an idea of the state, a way of running nations, a grossly unequal economy, all that began 40 years ago with Margaret Thatchers declaration that there is no such thing as society, must end with the way we respond to this deadly virus."" "
"  I think it is Brian Houston, the leader of Hillsong. He is Scott Morrison's number one influencer. Sad, isn't it."
"Why coronavirus pressures prompted Australia's biggest states to rebel against Scott Morrison - ABC News "
" insiders So Scott Morrison is NOW concerned about the resulting outcomes of stresses on families... where has that concern been over the past 3 years when 3.6 million people were experiencing food insecurity and 170,000 homeless  auspol"
"  Scott Morrison is a one man cabinet.  insiders"
"    Just like the 2 billion dollar bush fund Scott Morrison promised. Nothing has been done with that."
"Scott Morrison may be a liar, a pig, an idiot, incompetent but he is not a porn star  insiders "
"  Sure, its Scott Morrison. He just happens to be running it into thhe ground."
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison says the government will deliver coronavirus information and public health advice through WhatsApp and an Apple app. "
" Coronavirus  Australia live news: two more deaths reported in  Queensland and  Victoria as cases in  NSW rise by 174        "
"  Scott Morrison set up a National Cabniet with all the state leaders and within that the States have flexibility to strengthen certain measures to suit their situations. Qld Premier (thats ALP) explained it beautifully this morning and thanked Scott Morrison.   gone gone."
"  like to be more specific i think scott morrison isn't super smart but got where he is by following patterns which worked well at the time. now he needs to think for himself and jump into the abyss one way or the other."
"Updates from Scott Morrison.   Australia  australialockdown  CoronaUpdate  COVID19Aus  Covid_19 "
"    The horse bolted when Scott Morrison was voted in.   (And yes I realise Ive put the metaphorical cart before the metaphorical horse)"
"Has LNP scott Morrison and his crime gang taken a pay cut yet?  Auspol"
"    Scott Morrison's arrogance. Please I'll stop laughing soon. Albo is the arrogant one and won't step aside and let the government do their job we elected them to do.  If he showed a lot more bipartisanship it would really help the country right now."
"Scott Morrison: Student Nurses in Australia on placement to be paid during COVID-19  via  "
"  Pauline, Isn't it time to raise the question on how many people have trust in Scott Morrison for the best leadership and interest to protect the Australian people?  Australia is running out of time!"
"Myers, RM Williams , A Cut Above , Flight Centre , Cotton On , Country Road all closing due to  CPVID19 , Scott Morrison no stimulus will help . Now dentists stop general practices out of fears of  COVID19 due to lack of protective gear  auspol  insiders "
"    Oh yes - Scomo is saying Australians shouldn't call the lockdown a lockdown.  And Bojo is warning that a tougher lockdown may be necessary  Whatever, authoritarianism in those countries WILL increase"
"New article: ""Scott Morrison offers coronavirus wage guarantee for those who have lost jobs, but details still to come | World news"" has been published on Fintech Zoom -     Fintech  Blockchain  Crypto  Cryptocurrency  ICO"
"""It's important that Australia does the right thing about those who have fallen into our care."" Scott Morrison commenting on the 'moral rules' for the health care of international passengers on the cruise ships off the WA coast.  wapol  auspol  covid19aus "
"  I thought the PM, Scott Morrison, said House Party was banned. I am so very confused."
"While social distancing is important and helping to save lives, it can be difficult for many and that is why the Government has announced a mental health package to support those who need it! "
"OPINION | If you listen to social media and Twitter, youd think the coronavirus is the end of the world. Thank goodness our government responses are based on expert economic and medical advice, not on the ABCs wishful thinking, writes Piers Akerman. "
"It's March 29, 2020 at 01:00PM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"  Curious about the way Scott Morrison is staying the rate of infection is dropping, just because the number of infections is increasing by a percentage rate than is less than the previous rate it was in creasing, but isn't that just because there's more infections???"
"BREAKING NEWS - Prime Minister Scott Morrison has just announced that the response to his last announcement was so nice, he's announced that another announcement of the same bullshit promises will be announced after he announces the 73rd stimulus package later this week. "
"Under Stage 2 of the governments imposed lockdown, hairdressers and barbers are permitted to stay open  but they are crying out for change. "
"""Prime Minister Scott Morrison says the rate of new coronavirus cases in Australia has fallen from 25-30% last week to 13-15%""  30% of 60 = 18 13% of 2,800 = 364  PLEASE tell me you see what they're doing!   Do not be placated  covid19australia  ShutItDownNow  auspol"
"Scott Morrison Thank you PM Scott Morrison..."
"  Yes, still in tbe planning stage. ..just another marketing announcement from the meister of spin. .Scott Morrison"
"I haven't even had my flu shot, cos higher demand means I'm waiting in a queue for that too. If i bring coronavirus into this house., with a man who has lung fibrosis etc, he will probably die. I might too. Thanks Scott Morrison."
"Scott Morrison has announced . . .  Scott Morrison has announced . . .  Scott Morrison has announced . . .  Scott Morrison has announced . . .  Scott Morrison has announced . . .  SCOTT MORRISON HAS DONE FUCKING NOTHING BUT ANNOUNCE . . . "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison says people can gain access to a new messaging service on WhatsApp by typing "
"  Scott Morrison Seems like a lame excuse for doing nothing. Scott Morrison has to let go of the ideology or it's going to be dire for a lot of Australians who won't forget."
"Daily news is contrary to this message ,""Prime Minister Scott Morrison has pointed to one key statistic as a sign that Australia's response to the corona virus is working"" where can we find this stat or is it simply wishful thinking."
"  Scott Morrison So far we have tested more then 209,000 people in Australia, at the current rate all Australians will be tested within 10 years. Very good job you are doing Scott Morrison."
"    Bipartisanship is what's needed. This is not the time for egos and Scott Morrison's arrogance."
"Scott Morrison announces $1.1 billion plan for coronavirus support    BreakingNews  BREAKING  coronavirus aid  coronavirusaustralia  StimulusPlan  economy  EconomicPackage Credits |Video"
"In announcing the funding, Prime Minister Scott Morrison said, Google has shown a 75 per cent increase in searches when it comes to concerns about domestic violence in recent days. "
"And when business owners (liberal national party donors) started sacking people, Scott Morrisons first thought was to give billions of OUR taxes to the companies and billionaires. Not workers whod lost their jobs.  COVID19au  COVID19Aus  coronavirusau  auspol "
"Scott Morrison is coviding a lot of problems."
"Scott Morrison: Stop Bank Interest Charges For Covid 19 Hardship Applications - Sign the Petition!  via   !"
"Donald Trump, Boris Johnson, Scott Morrison, their respective administrations &amp; political parties are prime examples of why government shouldnt be managed like a business   Unlike business, governments cant liquidate &amp; close shop to mitigate losses   AusPol  Insiders  COVID19"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has said early signs show Australia is 'flattening the curve' for infections, despite two more deaths confirmed today.  9News "
"  Well Naomi Wolf you seem to have forgotten who won the last election or maybe you cannot accept who lost the last election.  Scott Morrison and his government are showing good leadership.  Try and accept that Bill Shorten lost the election, it may be hard for you but try."
"Coronavirus Australia live news: Boris Johnson tests positive, Scott Morrison enlists ADF to enforce isolation for travellers - ABC News      News1st  BREAKING  COVID19au   Corona Virus  Song Buy it via Amazon  "
"  Scott Morrison and The LNP This is not rocket science"
" BEER FRIDGE NEWS Wants to thank the likes of Donald Trump and Scott Morrison for the cautious but responsible actions on this Chinese virus. If people like Nancy Pelosi or Anthony alboneese were in power there cure would have been far far worse than the disease."
"Coronavirus Australia live news: two more deaths reported in Queensland and Victoria as cases in NSW rise by 174   coronavirusaustralia  "
"Pix: Scott Morrison Presser  "
"Dr Naomi ~ That would be the one-man junta ~ Scott Morrison. "
"  Sheridan has written one of those ""our glorious leader"" pieces.  The first par: ""Scott Morrison could become Australias most important war-time leader. His Friday talk with the nation was the best iteration so far of his critical ongoing dialogue with Australia, and Australians."
"Yet Scott Morrison just said in his update that the rate of which cases are increasing has dropped. It clearly hasnt.  "
"BREAKING PM Scott Morrison has announced a $1.1bn heath and family violence package including: - $669m for telehealth services. - $74m for mental health services.. - $150m domestic violence support services.  - $200m into emergency &amp; food relief support.  More to come...."
"Government launches Coronavirus Australia app as rate of infections drop Scott Morrison says the rate of increase in coronavirus cases has fallen in Australia over the past week, showing the social distancing and self-isolation measures were working. exp  "
"  As Scott Morrison is to the Pentecostal Church, Greg Sheridon is to Scott Morrison?"
"  This is the saddest, most anger inducing tweet I have seen (barring everything from the USA and Scott Morrison)"
"  ahahaha omg and the winner of the inaugural pandemic champions of business prize is... Scott Morrison!!! [presses applause hotkey]"
"Australia govt should protect both tenants and residential landlords. "
"The Sonos App is taking Scott Morrisons tone with me  "
"One question, when is Scott Morrison going to, once again, follow NZ's example (good on you Jacinda) and lock us all down to prevent more virus spreading.  I think its time to do a total lock-down to stop the spread once and for all."
"Read this comment and sign the petition. I am a small business owner forced to close by regulations enforced on my dental practice during the covid-19 pandemic which means I can't work. I am being charged interest by my banks even though ... "
"The wide breadth of impacts of Coronavirus include mental health, family violence and child safety and this has been weighing on my mind lately. Relieved to hear something about this come out  "
"Scott Morrison: Stop Bank Interest Charges For Covid 19 Hardship Applications - Sign the Petition! "
"Calling for charges to be laid against the NSW Premier and Scott Morrison. Charges are failing to protect Aussies from Covid-19. The Ruby Princess should never have been allowed to dock. Our border controls have failed. Remove them both."
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison announces $1.1 billion plan for coronavirus support      CountrySuper  News1st  CoronaStopKaroNa  BREAKING  BreakingNews  COVID19au   Corona Virus  Song Buy it via Amazon  "
"  Scott Morrison in consultation with his advisors and health professionals"
"  Scott Morrison. Photo taken outside McDonalds, Engadine, 1997.  neverforget"
"  The Prime Minister Scott Morrison  ripped of from Sean micallef"
"NSW records 174 new cases overnight, up to 1791.   "
"Is sure it good news. However that won't stop some idiots from bitching about Scott Morrison all day long. "
"Scott Morrison New to Twitter but as a Business Owner employing 24 people I take my hat off to you Scott Morrison  I have kept all my staff at this stage even through my revenue has halved I am enforcing all the Government and Medical advise I can get  like Australia my business is like a fam"
"Scott Morrison was giving a speech, check the grouting of tile, aligning with his specs "
"Coronavirus Australia live news: Scott Morrison details $1.1bn health and family violence package as two more deaths reported "
"                I got one of them in a stance, my job is done here.  "
"Scott Morrison is a fool. Does he really think  coronavirus will respect that Australia is a completely different society to overseas countries?  COVID19 behaves in precisely the same manner &amp; this reckless PM is merely ignoring facts, at the peril of all Australians  auspol"
"A good and informative piece. Well worth reading.  Coronavirus Australia: Inside Scott Morrison's expert medical advice circle "
"  Scott Morrison - 2/3 of our cases are from overseas travel. Assuming international students coming back home and infecting their peers by not staying home. E.g.  bondibeach"
"So, in effect, putting SOME of the $$$'s back from previous cuts... Are they 'notional' $$$'s?  askingforafriend  Coronavirus Australia live news: Scott Morrison details $1.1bn health and family violence package as two more deaths reported "
"  Dear Dr Wolf, on 24th August 2018, the Governor-General appointed The Honourable Scott Morrison MP who became Australias 30th Prime Minister and serves under Queen Elizabeth II."
"PLEASE even if youre not Australian idc just sign it and share it!!!  "
"Coronavirus Australia live news: two more deaths reported in Queensland and Victoria as cases in NSW rise by 174 - The Guardian  via  "
"  The ONLY person Scott Morrison is helping??? IS Scott Morrison..... End of Story.   auspol"
"Scott Morrison has urged employers to hold off standing down any more workers until his government announces a new wage subsidy within days for employees affected by the coronavirus pandemic   auspol    coronavirusaus"
"An entire thread of people wishing disease / death on Trump &amp; Scott Morrison.  Feel free to report each one.   "
"It's March 29, 2020 at 03:00PM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"Good news story incoming: The rate of new coronavirus cases in Australia has fallen from 25 to 30 per cent a day last week to 13 to 15 per cent a day, Prime Minister Scott Morrison says.  Let's keep up the good "
"  Not Scott Morrison"
"Today Scott Morrison announced a new  WhatsApp messaging system to improve communication on  COVID-19.  To install the messaging system go to  OR    stopthespread  leadership "
"  How is it that Scott Morrison has just come out saying it flattening?"
"Scott Morrison: Get Australia in full lockdown with COVID -19 before it gets too out of control  via  "
"Please remember this from Scott Morrison on 1 February when he he is referred to as a great pm "
"    Here we go again. Scott Morrison being dragged kicking and screaming to make the right decision. Talk about incompetent."
"Scott Morrison says Australia's lockdown measures have HALVED the rate of coronavirus infections in the past week  via  "
"Unions have been campaigning for a job guarantee through a wage subsidy - and it looks like Scott Morrison has heard us!   But the devil is in the detail. We need to make sure all workers - permanent, casual, contract, and gig workers - can access it.   "
"  Hi Jared. The intermingled cults of evangelical/pentecostalism, white supremacy and prosperity theology have spread far beyond the US. The current Australian PM, Scott Morrison, is deeply embedded in this ideology. This is dangerously impacting on our nations CoVid19 response."
"  No 5 looked fine until it's saw Scott Morrison  doing a press conference.."
"more disastrous like Australia right now..   VoteNZ  Wake up NZ Response from Scott Morrison summarised "
"Let's make sure the banks don't continue to profit from us while everyone else is forced to do it tough:  coronavirus  weareallinthistogether: Scott Morrison: Stop Bank Interest Charges For Covid 19 Hardship Applications  via  "
"      Don't gaslight me.  You're the crazy one if you think the greens have been in power for the last 7 years.  It's 2020 and the prime minister is Scott Morrison, can you name a simple object in the room."
"Australian PM Scott Morrison details new $1.1 billion healthcare package amid Coronavirus crisis "
"""Schools are safe for children to attend"" - Scott Morrison (every other country acknowledges children are able to infect and more importantly SPREAD  COVID19au )...  closeschoolsnow "
"This would probably have been a quicker process if you had not adjourned parliament Scott Morrison... "
"PM Scott Morrison says Australia's lockdown measures have HALVED the rate of coronavirus  "
"New South Wales: 1791 (+174)  Victoria: 769 (+84)  Queensland: 656 (+31)  ACT: 77 (+6)  WA: 312 (+33)   "
"  A theocratic dictator called Scott Morrison"
"    Same people that Scott Morrison has 'supposedly' been listening to. They only listen when it suits them."
"His god said Help the rich Scott. Help the rich so thats what Morrison is doing. "
"  Anyone noticed Scott Morrison laugh to himself when he say ""moral""?  It's almost as though he is allergic to the word!  "
"  Scott Morrison"
"  Scott Morrison You're welcome"
"NSW Health has also advised there are now 215 cases of coronavirus from passengers on the HMS Peter Dutton, up from 172. "
"Scott Morrison... seems to be of such poor character, that I suspect he is secretly relishing this crisis for the inauthentic legitimacy and gravitas it gives to his government.  He will be excited by the idea that his 'war time' leadership will see him re-elected.   COVID19Aus"
"  Thats a joke, right? (Voice rising ) Scott Morrison? (Louder). War time?? - - - (shouting now) LEADER!!!!!!?????"
"      Experts have been telling him but when you have Hillsong Conference to worry about... you kind of close your eyes to the fact.  The post below is comment from chief nurse on Scott Morrison LinkedIn post "
"Inside Scott Morrisons very corporate COVID-19 commission   have you come across this? Who is actually running the country right now if parliament is suspended? "
"Just wondering when that useless prick Scott Morrison will be taking a 100% pay cut? He does fvck all  ShareThePain  auspol "
"  Depending on your taste for the Scott Lodbell/Age of Apocalypse stuff... I don't think there's much of interest between Claremont leaving the first time/Lee leaving to set up Image up until the Morrison New X-Men."
"Revealed: the QAnon conspiracy theorist who is friends with Australian PM Scott Morrison "
" Update   Coronavirus Australia Live News:   Two more deaths reported in Queensland and Victoria as cases in NSW rise by 174 to 1,791   "
"            I want to scream and/or bang my head against A wall.  At least the Liberals are consistent: Scott Morrison and his wife probably helped (or were the sole cause of) the  Hillsong  Coronavirus contagion."
"  Scott Morrison. And of course anyone else Murdoch says."
"Hotels, where staff - my wife included - would have to deal with these potentially virus carrying people.   Scott Morrison is a fucking stupid cunt. Hotel staff are not nurses/doctors. "
"  Why won't Scott Morrison declare a  CondimentEmergency?"
"Scott Morrison: Get Australia in full lockdown with COVID -19 before it gets too out of control - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"  another petition aimed at Scott Morrison who hasnt done enough can you help Victorians please  RentFreeze2020  mortgagefreeze "
"It's March 29, 2020 at 02:00PM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"Discuss morbidity with your Doctor. I did. I learned that misdiagnosis kills more people than anything. I'm sure Scott Morrison has the best health advice available. "
"  Q: How do you know when Morrison is lying.  A: Its Scott. He always lies. This wasnt a punchline."
"  Depends on who you ask. Some ex mining CEO, Scott Morrison, Norman Swann, Jacinda Ardern ... "
"The daily growth rate of coronavirus in Australia has dropped in the past week, says Prime Minister Scott Morrison "
"I like that PM Scott Morrison said  Australia doesnt padlock  the doors of buildings like in other countries.        Australia  Covid_19"
"Imagining Scott Morrison with a virus bushfire flooded heatwave  "
"        is Federal).  Then the jurisdiction reps are the heads of those Governments.  Notwithstanding that I voted against Gladys Berejiklian and Scott Morrison, technically they are my elected officials in that body.  The other seven people have little to do with me personally, but they"
"Total rubbish from the Australian PM ""Scott Morrison says the rate of increase in  COVID19Aus cases has fallen in Australia over the past week, showing the social distancing and self-isolation measures are working"" - fall is entirely due to reduction in overseas imports"
"  Where are the bum gluers protestors? hiding from the  ChineseVirus. Wasn't the Climate the one to be scare off eh? Why don't you do some rally on  ClimateFraud. Scott Morrison is running Australia you bimbo. He's got the guts to put the  ClimateHoax to rest forever. You're out."
"The only way that freezing loan repayments is meaningful is not accruing interest over the period of the freeze. Scott Morrison - Stop Bank Interest Charges For Covid 19 Hardship Applications - Sign the Petition!  via    Covid19  finances"
"Doing God's work for Scomo and Gladys, remembering that since at least Henry VIII English head of church as also been head of state  fusedtogether  notseparated  auspol  "
"  Is it Scott Morrison lecturing us incessantly? Why would I want to install that?"
"        Look at the profiles  Its not just the IPA - remember the religious aspect. The pm never pretended his first responsibility was to the Au ppl.  "
"    This is all we know. Not good enough.      "
" auspol   is y the new idea similar to mine? Ahah Universal Income based on previous 3 months - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Contagion is a thriller that reads as a prediction; Shin Godzilla is a satire that reads as a documentary of Boris Johnson, Scott Morrison and the GOP's responses to the pandemic crisis. "
"Scott Morrison should not have shut down Parliament. It is our democratic right to have a Parliament.  We know Scott Morrison doesn't like Parliament - he's run from it every chance he's had.  He did this for himself and for no-one else. "
"    Welcome back. At the moment we are being co-parented by the Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews &amp; New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern. The Australian Prime Minister...Scott Morrison has weekend custody duties which means condescending lectures in hand washing &amp; mixed messages."
"        Most Australian coronavirus cases coming from USA: Scott Morrison"
"      Petition on Travel Ban on US &amp; Europe    "
"Mum said she thinks Scott Morrison has been doing a good job... "
"Ill tell you who hasnt been laid off: the boys down at the Scott Morrison Hashtag Research Lab "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison says the percentage of new coronavirus cases each day is falling, as tough restrictions on movement take effect. via   "
"      Most Australian coronavirus cases coming from USA: Scott Morrison"
"Scott Morrison saying hairdressers can stay open as long as they practice social distancing with customers tells us the consumption of good stuff has not been impacted by the lockdown.  Lockdownaustralia  coronavirusau"
"Coronavirus Australia live news: two more deaths reported in Queensland and Victoria as cases in NSW rise by 174 "
"    If Scott Morrison wasn't so arrogant he would have medical professionals and a scientist on the committee.  But you keep harping on about Albo..."
"    As a high up In Scott Morrison's  Happy Clappy Mafia, Stuart Robert is untouchable, kapiche"
"Shadow minister for industrial relations, Tony Burke, says any wage subsidy announced by the government should be conditional on keeping people in work, and large enough to give a real incentive to employers to keep people in their jobs.  "
"The Guardian: Coronavirus Australia live news: Covid-19 cases rise above 3,600  latest updates.   via  "
"Stuart Roberts participation in Morrisons inner circle demonstrates he is well practiced in their leapfrog technique.    "
"Coronavirus Australia: Hairdressers and barbers beg, Shut us down  "
"  While I don't like the Liberals much at all, if you think Scott Morrison and his party aren't actively doing much if anything to address the Coronavirus situation, I have no time for such a misguided and like-hungry opinion."
"    I would say its more about holding the government in power, the decision makers , to account for the horrendous decision. If the tables were turned, you could bet your bottom dollar that Scott Morrison would do exactly the same."
"Another announcement by hated and untrusted Prime Minister Scott Morrison, as he gifts billions of dollars in bailouts to the private health industry.  ICYMI: On 23 March, House of Reps and Senate suspended sittings indefinitely    "
"      Are you saying Greg Sheridon has his hand up inside Scott Morrison on Sundays?"
"Mr. Basket has just returned from the supermarket and managed to get everything on our list except... (pause for dramatic effect) mango chutney.  Oh. The. Dep-ri-va-tion!  Why won't Scott Morrison declare a  MangoChutneyEmergency?"
"Incredibly frustrating angle. There are many questions about this approach when hundreds of thousands are already disconnected from businesses. Rehire to put as support?! Great analysis by Ben Butler  "
"Im not a Scott Morrison fan as a general rule, far from it. But we are going through an unprecedented situation and everyone seems to want him to do everything at once. I understand there are many urgent matters but can we please all come together and support one another. We can"
"The government will soon announce a wage subsidy in an attempt to slow coronavirus job losses, Scott Morrison has confirmed (via  ) "
"Scott Morrison: 'We can't do things like communist China because we're a democracy.'  Also Scott Morrison: *suspends Parliament*"
"Scott Morrison has foreshadowed further income support and wage subsidies to respond to job losses as a result of coronavirus, indicating measures will apply to those already out of work.  "
"Sign this    petition!    needs to freeze  rent &amp;  mortgages for the duration of the  coronavirus!    RentFreeze2020  Covid19  Australia  Sexwork                "
"My staff are primarily casuals and not full time and Im doing what I can to keep them. Please dont just provide for full time staff. Coronavirus: Scott Morrison urges business not to axe staff, wage subsidies are coming Scott Morrison  "
"                                                            Lol I've seen that pose once or twice"
"  What baffles me about this is the lack of sense - if you have to use something other than toilet paper, pop it in a bin, don't flush it. Anyone who has lived with septic understands this, maybe the Prime Minister, Scott Morrison, could suggest that at his next dribbled press con."
"Shopping centre owners have  have been rocked by the 6-month freeze on evictions ordered by Scott Morrison on Sunday night.  ausbiz  property "
"  Scott Morrison Yeah Scott Morrison is almost a total dictator now."
"Useful, specific information in this piece.  "
"Useful, specific information here.  "
"Obviously you are a lefty sheeple Andy. Like all of those on the left you dare to presume, Scott Morrison is not  my PM my friend. However PVO the real fool is so much your idol I suppose. "
"Hundreds of thousands of Australians left without work during the coronavirus pandemic are set to gain from an emergency wage subsidy that could be worth $1500 a fortnight. "
" LISTEN Covid-19: Scott Morrison announces 'radical' new restrictions for Australia   "
"Scott Morrison offers coronavirus wage guarantee for those who have lost jobs, but details still to come "
"Scott Morrison WHO and Global Health partners recommending for Public health,health workers and all those on the frontlines of  COVID19, for their mental and physical health, and wellbeing, to avoid Alcohol consumption-Show your support Scott Morrison!"
"young people in Australia flaunting the  socialdistancing the laws should do their research people dying from the virus now in the 30 to 50 age group  coronavirusau Coronavirus Australia update live: curbs on public gatherings take effect  latest news  "
"  Yes,thank you Sally, New Zealand citizens to be included for sure. Scott Morrison takes our taxes then he should be happy to share in times of need."
"  Its not a TV show sweetie pie. We all tuned in to watch Scott Morrison today also BECAUSE THE NEWS IS IMPORTANT"
"      Its pretty simple to follow the advice for non-essential travel.  StayAtHomeSaveLives  "
"Coronavirus: public gatherings limited to two, Scott Morrison announces  via  "
"Say what you will about Scott Morrison, his handling of the critical bootcamp sector has been superb"
"The four reasons you can leave your home during coronavirus restrictions Scott Morrison, who told Australians today the self-isolation restrictions were now at a level where you should remain in your home at all times unless you were doing the following; "
"    Givd the man a rest. We are not in full shut down here in Australia. I'm still working in a non essential job. I don't see you slandering Scott Morrison."
"'almost two thirds' of Victoria's 769 confirmed cases at 1pm yesterday 'directly linked to overseas travel'. Australian govt fail. Border protection fail. Peter Dutton failure. Scott Morrison failure. They failed to do their jobs, and now we all suffer  auspol  COVID19au"
"Serious question: why does Scott Morrison say persons instead of people?  For example: A gathering of more than two persons...  Does persons carry some extra weight or special legal meaning?  (No Morrison bashing please.)"
"Heres   on the blog, follow todays developments live "
"      That's what Australians say after Scott Morrison's CV19 pressers."
"      Get rid of the Feds and VicXit! This country is run by the Sydney centric LNP mafia. Where have had Tony Abbott, Malcolm Turnbull, and now Scott Morrison as Prime Ministers. Remember John Howard from where????"
"Scott Morrison playing the cool dad to the States strict mum: look I know it all seems like a lot, but your mum isnt playing around and she will fine you $1,000 if you dont clean your room."
"Heres todays live coverage of coronavirus developments  "
"  Scott Morrison (australia )"
"Scott Morrison doesnt know the meaning of these words. Not in his vocabulary. Accurate, honest and transparent: how leaders should communicate about coronavirus |  Ullrich Ecker and Douglas MacFarlane "
"My colleagues have sought clarification.  For now, visiting *a* friend or family member (observing social distancing protocols and common sense about restricting spread) is ok.  Thanks to everyone who assumed I'm stupid and/or malicious. Appreciate it.    "
"  Cases of Corona fallen by 20% . Thank you Scott Morrison."
"Scott Morrison has announced the two-person rule in the fight against coronavirus, but what does it actually mean?     COVID19Aus  coronavirusaus  coronavirus"
"Coronavirus Australia update live: curbs on public gatherings kate effect  latest nesw "
"It's March 30, 2020 at 08:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"The Australian government is preaching unity in the face of coronavirus but its emergency measures, which protect business interests above all else, are set only to deepen inequality. "
"Right! So Jenny can go buy ESSENTIAL jigsaw puzzles w friend (because a woman needs someone to walk with) but friend must be 69/59/49 yrs 364 days or less . Thanks Scott Morrison. Gr8 how after every announcement press needs to issue explainer.  "
"COVID-19 Will Hit the Already Marginalized the Hardest "
"    Same teleconference different number every day. How could 10 be wrong 24 hours later and 2 be right. Im going with five, provided a hairdresser, Scott Cam and Mick Fannings mum are among the five. Morrison is a massive spanner!"
"One day soon Scott Morrison offers coronavirus wage guarantee for those who have lost jobs, but details still to come "
"But seriously this will help explain everything "
"  Scott Morrison   Why   the world does not need Scott Morrison  He is an intellectual and physical mess   liarandfraud"
"Scott Morrison Thanks to the ambos and the Australian leadership. Great work Scott Morrison &amp; Gladys Berejiklian."
"The late Scott Morrison as usual. Always a few days away. My bet this package will be half hearted. Wont be 80% wage guarantee. Its all about the money with Scotty. Morrison says wage guarantee is not that far away as unemployment soars | The New Daily "
"Scottys Quiet Australians won't like that moratorium but what's the carrot for them?  Coronavirus Australia live news: Scott Morrison announces new gathering limits, moratorium on evictions to battle COVID-19 pandemic "
"Scott Morrison has announced the two-person rule in the fight against coronavirus, but what does it actually mean?   "
"Coronavirus Australia update live: curbs on public gatherings take effect  latest news  - via   "
"The Australia lockdown (I suppose that term is avoided here) is so vague it just seems like an attempt to make the general public so confused so no one can be outraged at any restriction? What you need to know about the two-person rule  "
"Never ever happen with Scott Morrison. His track record speaks for itself useless and clueless in a crisis. Its all about politics. Accurate, honest and transparent: how leaders should communicate about coronavirus |  Ullrich Ecker and Douglas MacFarlane "
"Scott Morrison 'cut short his COVID-19 press conference to watch MAFS': Married At First Sight fans are convinced Scott Morrison cut short his coronavirus press conference on Sunday because he didn't want to miss the final vows.  "
"Wage subsidy to be revealed today.  All the latest at our free live blog:   "
"Scott Morrison 'cut short his Covid-19 press conference to watch Mafs' "
"Scott Morrison has said over the coming months jigsaws will be essential. Just how bad is the NBN going to get?"
" With a Two Person rule now in place, why are our public transport systems still operating   - What you need to know about the two-person rule "
"Coronavirus social gathering and distancing restrictions extended by PM Scott Morrison "
"Coronavirus Australia update live: curbs on public gatherings take effect  latest news    "
"Most cases in Australia originated in the USA due to travel.  lockdown  "
"New Australian rules on foreign investments All [will be] subject to approval by the Federal Investment Review Board, who will assess if it is in the ""national interest"" Every nation should consider this to prevent distressed asset profiteering. "
"What you need to know about the two-person rule  COVID19Aus  "
"Coronavirus Australia update live: curbs on public gatherings take effect  latest news    This person will wear the ""Crown of the thorns"" FOREVER......... It is called RUBY PRINCESS......"
"This idiot scott Morrison only cares for money not people's health just shut everything down money you can get back but we only have 1 life idiot"
"Im not one to sing the praises of Scott Morrison, but if you were facing months on end in self-isolation with a couple of children, youd understand the jigsaw puzzles."
"Much better from Scott Morrison in the night time press conference. He has dropped the defensiveness."
"Trump is such a headass he makes Scott Morrison look like the most competent leader Australia has ever seen "
"Hey Scott Morrison its not easy, and I think youre doing a good job.  Thanks for your leadership. "
"Cant keep up with changes to the rules? This is how Scott Morrisons latest guidelines regarding the  coronavirus will work. "
"          He's certainly much clearer with his messaging than Scott Morrison"
"      FFS let it go, it's short sighted opinions like this that delivered Tony Abbott in 2013 and Scott Morrison in 2019.  You don't vote for the person - unless they're in your electorate - you vote for the party."
"Australia: Coronavirus stimulus: Scott Morrison promises third package  SmartNews  "
"  I think you're exactly right. Daniel Andrews didn't appear to make exceptions for family in VIC, even though Scott Morrison did. Unclear at this point. Trying to find out."
"Notional help lnp-ipa regime will make Employers jump through so many hoops it will be IMPOSSIBLE for them to claim.  The government will soon announce a wage subsidy in an attempt to slow coronavirus job losses, Scott Morrison has confirmed (via  ) "
"    If PM Scott Morrison is such a genius, and the laws are right, why is this country in mess right now? Answer that one, professor."
"*a new fax arrives from the analysis desk*  ""Prime Minister Scott Morrison is still copping a lot of criticism for his leadership style during this crisis, but that's because he's still doing a fucking terrible job.""  *sips whisky* "
"Scott Morrison sees this and thinks it's a ""how to"" video. "
"A woman in her 80s has become the first person to die from coronavirus in Tasmania, bringing Australia's death toll to 17. Follow our live blog: "
"What you need to know about the two-person rule "
"Coronavirus Australia Update Live:   Curbs on public gatherings  ""If you have to buy groceries, have a medical appointment, have compassionate reasons, have to work or study outside your home, or need to exercise, you can do so, [do] physical distancing.""  "
"  was just reading this "
"Coronavirus Australia update live: Tasmania records its first Covid-19 death  latest news "
"Dozens of Australians in Peru have caught a repatriated flight from Cusco and Lima on Sunday, local time. They are due to arrive in Sydney on March 31. Follow our live blog: "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrisons recent ban of on-site auctions failed to halt real estate transaction activity this week but it did cause an unusual pattern in the auction clearance rate.   realestateau  NSW  Coronavirus via  "
"These arguments cant be repeated often enough. When the tally is in, it will be the people who were left behind that suffered most. Its especially important to spread it he alarm about the impending disaster in the prisons.   Nice one,     "
"Scott Morrison offers coronavirus wage guarantee for those who have lost jobs, but details still to come  no rush when it comes to their lowest priority."
" we need landlords and tenants to sit down and come up with arrangements that enable them to get through this crisis. "
"Coronavirus stimulus: Scott Morrison promises third package   SmartNews"
"    Scott Morrison is do a good job dealing with the fear, insanity and anxiety which has resulted from this coronavirus (a mild flu (WHO)) - certainly much better than could be done by the retarded, imbecilic baboons who are critisising him"
" FreeKylie Moore-Gilbert! Please sign the petition.  She is being abused, everyone knows it, and she is asking her tormentors IRGC to be less abusive. If not, she will not survive. Thats the message she is sending.     Scott Morrison "
"Scott Morrison Says elderly over 70 need assistance to go walking during  covid19australia How old is he?  "
"Tony Burke spoke to Fran Kelly on the ABC this morning about recalling parliament "
"Coronavirus Australia update live: curbs on public gatherings take effect  latest news "
"A woman in her 80s has passed away, after contracting Covid-19, in Tasmania. "
"  Scott Morrison is a terrible communicator. When I make an effort to listen to him, I come out of it feeling more confused than I went in."
"562 days as a hostage, silenced by her captors, held in isolation &amp; denied contact with the world. To date across the planet only 19,590 of you care enough to shout in support of  KylieMooreGilbert Raise your voice, sign &amp; share the petition to  FreeKylie   "
"Scott Morrison: Right To Rescue - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Cheeky me: ""YAY more BBBJs""  Serious me: ""The world is full, stop fucking to make kids, find some other form of birth control""  In between me: ""we need more condoms to limit the damage from Scott Morrison's DNA""  I think 100% of the people will disagree with part of this tweet"
"Im seeing lots of questions floating around about the new restrictions announced last night. A good explainer from the ABC. Share with everyone who needs it  "
"Scott Morrison doing it on the cheap again. What do we know about the coming wage subsidy so far? It will be up to $1,500 a fortnight for full-time workers and is being billed as a job keeper allowance. Its all about the money with Scotty. Dont worry about peoples lives."
"  Im thinking now he felt the need to introduce essential again in its hyperbolic form for wriggle room later about essential workers. Scott not interested in politics Morrison  auspol"
".  on the long-term costs of Scott Morrisons piecemeal approach to addressing  covid19. "
"Scott Morrison finally going hard core.. 3 weeks too late.. imagine where we could have been.      Covid_19  auspol"
"Based on previous behaviour, it is hard to put your trust in  Scott Morrison   and his govt. Morrison must give us more detail if we are to trust his judgment  via  "
"'If you can stay at home you should': NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian says the state will be enforcing the new restrictions announced by Prime Minister Scott Morrison last night from midnight. Follow our live blog:  "
"Kiwis in Oz can not get core unemployment benefits, despite paying taxes. After a plea from the NZ Govt it's been agreed they can access some of their superannuation early. You know, those funds that have tanked. Shame on Scott Morrison.  "
"Coronavirus: Scott Morrison says third stimulus package will be biggest yet "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison announced the strictest gathering recommendations to date on Sunday night following renewed health advice to curb the spread of COVID-19.  TMS7  "
"Miss17 made chocolate pudding for dessert last night. Then shows me a recipe for baked apples. We cant have dessert every night in lockdown I say. Mr20 pipes in Who said we cant have dessert every night? That wasnt one of the rules? Scott Morrison didnt say that!"
"""While Mr Morrison did not make this clear initially, the ABC has sought clarification and been told the restrictions apply to all indoor settings  so you can not have more than one friend over to your house.""  via  "
"    Actually they can come over but it's probably discouraged.  ""A family split across two houses can meet, so you can go and visit your parents or a sibling  although common sense probably ought to be used."" "
"  Hearing the same about Scott Morrison the Australian Prime Minister.  Its as though they havent heard of the internet, the power of critical thinking and fact checking.  Maybe Trump and Morrison are in their own bubble."
"Please sign the petition for her release   FreeKylie "
"I keep seeing references to (Scott?) Morrison and thinking they're about the British supermarket. I'm pretty sure the supermarket is handling corona better"
"  Compare Dan Andrews comments on Public &amp; Private Hospitals in Vic and Scott Morrisons"
"Scott Morrison's announcement limiting gatherings to two people represents the most drastic social measures employed by the Federal Government. Here's what it means for you. "
"Scott Morrison outlines further restrictions in response to coronavirus pandemic "
"This might be new territory that we are in but it is not unchartered.  See Professor Bill Bowtell.  There were medical papers in 2019 but the government ignored them and failed to plan.  This is unplanned territory.  Thanks to Scott Morrison. "
"The difference between briefings by Scott Morrison and   couldnt be more stark."
"Parliament is in emergency mode which means while there are no scheduled sittings until August, but it can be recalled at any time, to pass urgent legislation as part of the coronavirus response.  The government is speaking to Labor about when parli "
"Sunday 29/03/2020 - Scott Morrison outlines further restrictions in response to coronavirus pandemic "
"Morrison says public gatherings must be two people only in new Covid-19 restrictions  as it happened "
"Hundreds of thousands of Australians left without work during the coronavirus pandemic are set to gain from an emergency wage subsidy that could be worth $1500 a fortnight   auspol  "
"Alan Kohler: ""More fundamentally, Prime Minister Scott Morrison needs to move on from the idea that the best form of welfare is a job, a phrase that has become an incantation for him, a badge of conviction, repeated ad tedium"" "
"This clears things up a bit. ScoMo certainly wasnt very clear. "
"Key phrase which sums up the PM's response: ""While Mr Morrison did not make this clear initially .."" I am amazed this guy ever held a job in marketing ...    covid19aus  covid19  coronavirus"
"Press Conference - Australian Parliament, ACT Transcript - Prime Minister of Australia - Hon. Scott Morrison:l "
"in 2 weeks scott morrison and his current govt policies of sacking all workers has given 1 million plus ex employees ,contractors,casuals,bad bank credit ratings bad real estate blacklist ratings bad service bills ratings, yet these people pay his wages actnow  Covid_19australia"
"Scott Morrison announced further restrictions on Sunday, including limiting public gatherings to two people.  "
"Coronavirus Australia update live: curbs on public gatherings take effect  latest news | Australia news | The Guardian -   "
"    Scott morrison is a one man parliament. He has become the fuhrer."
"It's March 30, 2020 at 09:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"National Cabinet - Hon. Scott Morrison - Prime Minister of Australia -29/3/2019 Media Statement: "
"Found in response to   latest at  8 Mar 1929: 'Google', The Labor Daily,  "
"Scott Morrison's announcement limiting gatherings to two people represents the most drastic social measures employed by the Federal Government. Here's what it means for you.  (via  )"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison announced yesterday that all public gatherings (including exercise) are now limited to two people unless of the same household. Social Distancing Guidelines must be adhered to at all times."
"The peak of the pandemic is yet to come. The Australian government will need to do more to ensure that workers, renters, and prisoners are adequately protected  and not sacrificed on the alter of business interests. "
"  *He is Morrison, not Scott. Although if he was thinking of Man-Bat Ninjas, that wouldn't make that scene any weirder.   TLDR: I have feelings, so it gets shorthanded on Twitter to ""the end of Morrison's run sucked"" but Erik's motivations were consistent"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has urged businesses to hold fire on further shutdowns or job cuts as he revealed a third stimulus package would be bigger than anything seen so far.   coronavirus"
"  Also I feel that Morrison just rushed everything and fumbled the ending (leaving Jean and Erik dead, destroying NYC) in a rush to get over to write Batman, and the only aftermath we got was Scott and Emma having sex on Jean's grave while he thought of Man-Bat Ninjas..."
"In recent days, Scott Morrison has been saying contradictory things. He tells us he is following medical advice. But at the same time, he says he is trying to strike a balance between the twin challenges of the economy and health. Both cant be true. "
"Scott Morrison offers coronavirus wage guarantee for those who have lost jobs, but details still to come  Amy Remeikis."
"      Whats stage 3 is that what Scott Morrison announced last night"
"Compare Daniel Andrews presser with Scott Morrisons. No curries. No jigsaws. Straightforward explicit directions given in an authoritative non-hectoring way.  COVID19Aus  auspol"
"    Whats he lied about?  Hes said from the beginning that its a united effort and that theres no red vs blue at a time like this.   Hint: provide actual evidence rather than just petty hatred.   "
"THIS IS A MUST READ? Does  ScottyFromMarketing have a plan? A TOTAL LOCKDOWN WILL SAVE 1000's of LIVES How many lives is Scott Morrison sacrificing for his misguided economic thinking?  coronavirusaustralia  auspol  "
"  Rupert Murdoch, Scott Morrisons Church, mining companies, Liberal Party members friends &amp; relatives with lots of money and the IPA (right wing think tank)."
"    Well done Scott Morrison. Any relief for residential tenants?"
"Coronavirus pandemic: Scott Morrison must give us more detail if we are to trust his judgment "
"  In response to a question about non-grocery retail remaining open Scott Morrison replied that his wife had bought jigsaw puzzles for their kids - and that theyre going to be essential for them if theyre going to stay at home. Very reasonable comment."
"Coronavirus updates LIVE: Scott Morrison upgrades social-distancing restrictions as Australia's COVID-19 infection rate falls  via  "
"  Hmmmmm; give me ScoMo, &amp; I definitelywqsnt a fab 2 Els ago (Scott Morrison Australian PM)"
"Im not interested in getting into politics -Scott Morrison, last nights presser.  WHAT THE FUCK?  You are the Prime Minister, Scott Morrison YOU ARE IN POLITICS!!! Maybe its time to get out!  CoVid19 "
"Coronavirus Australia update live: curbs on public gatherings take effect  latest news  "
"Scott Morrison outlines further restrictions in response to coronavirus pandemic  "
"Evictions banned by Scott Morrison. sauce  "
"Ahhh yes.  Neoliberal Australia will hurt the most marginalized the most; just like other supposed 1st World Countries.  Who wouldve thunk it?  "
"  Why Scott Morrison must give earn our trust"
"In times of crisis, we turn to the arts. Now the arts is in crisis and Scott Morrison is silent | Benjamin Law "
"    Everyone who can, call the number. Plead Scott Morrison on  Assange's  behalf that he's at risk of catching and dying from COVID-19 &amp; should be allowed to leave prison NOW for his safety &amp; needs safe passage home to Australia. If you get voicemail, flood it with the same message."
"The indomitable   is back on the coronavirus blog today, bringing all the news to you if you cannot, for reasons of logistics or inclination, watch the press conferences live.   Daniel Andrews is scheduled to be up any minute now. "
"Scott Morrison outlines further restrictions in response to  coronavirus pandemic  "
"Schools and wallets are described as a petri-dish - an instrument used to grow germs, according to  mediawatch tonight. Its important the media doesnt use this alarmist language, Prime Minister, Scott Morrison said in response.  coronavirus  rmitjourno"
"Sponsor Scott Morrison: Make NURSES yearly registration FREE for 2020. "
"Peter Hartcher "" This is an admission by Scott Morrison  that they have totally stuffed up and it should have been done a month ago. Many of these employers will not rehire their staff and it does not include causal staff employed less than 12 months "" "
"Here's how workers are reacting to Scott Morrison's  coronavirus wage subsidy announcement.  abc730    auspol "
"We are losing the battle against PM Scott Morrison. He has taken away ALL our rights."
"Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison unveils $130 billion job keeper package   Scott Morrison  "
"Scott Morrison announces $1,500 fortnightly payment for workers hit by coronavirus crisis  video :  auspol  australiapm "
"    Scott Morrison   Is that the same Scott Morrison that stopped flights from China and called it a pandemic earlier than most countries?"
"Scott Morrison: Student Nurses in Australia on placement to be paid during COVID-19 - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Brendan Murphy presents as someone who would be better suited to middle management. Kinda like Scott Morrison  4corners  auspol"
"Scott Morrison   Dear Scott Morrison,  2 Millions of temporary visa holders are left behind without any help in case of they lost the job. Could you please consider and provide some kind of help."
"  I'm not employed. My issue is not complex and it would be a common issue amongst Australians, how do we get rid of Scott Morrison?"
"Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison on Monday announced an A$130 billion (72 billion) ($79.86 billion) package to save jobs and aid the economy amid the coronavirus pandemic."
"maybe we would be better off ?"
" Coronavirus  Australia live updates: Scott Morrison gives workers $1500 per fortnight in wage subsidies "
"for unprecedented.action..Scott Morrison             Scott Morrison is very impressive and is handling this  crisis impeccable.."
"Scott Morrison the Australian Prime Minister is playing a blinder on  Linkedin..he is using LinkedIn  to communicate a lot more than any other world leader..""now is the time to dig deed..we have twin battles against a virus and the economic ruin that it will threaten..this calls"
"Yipper !. "" have I EVER LIED TO YOU ???"". Huh huh ?? Coronavirus Australia live news: Scott Morrison announces $1,500 a fortnight 'job keeper' payment to employers worth $130bn  latest "
"To be bad at your job and a poor communicator helps exactly no-one. Scott Morrison is both but elected. How did the CMO get his job? Scary that elected officials who are rubbish choose rubbish public officials in key public safety roles. The electorate doesn't get this.  4corners"
"It's unfair, it's picky, it's not right. I'm sorry.  But he doesn't speak like a leader. He doesn't act like a leader. He doesn't behave like a leader.  Scott Morrison is the wrong person in the wrong job at the wrong time. "
"Scott Morrison: ALL HAIRDRESSERS TO PROTECTED AND CLOSED IMMEDIATELY - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Make nurses registration free for 2020 "
"seriously, Scott Morrison is disturbing"
"Scott Morrison In unprecedented and difficult times, you are doing a great job and showing true leadership. Can you please help with this too? "
"That Im still going to the footy line from Scott Morrison really was inexplicable. Hasnt got any better with time either.  4corners"
"Willings, to ask Scott Morrison to raise the pensioners DSPs by $550 for 6 months, if you wanna this you shall do whats best interest of the state.  STATED  auspol"
"Scott Morrison Thank you for protecting Australians, our health and our economy! Can you please help with this as well? "
"And yet the level of Coronavirus in Australia is only 4,000 - and the new cases have fallen now for three days in a row.  If this continues it would be an extraordinary vindication of Scott Morrisons policy. "
"A timely reminder of words Scott Morrison will have read many times but doesnt seem to have understood. "
"Coronavirus updates LIVE: Scott Morrison announces $130 billion 'Jobkeeper' package to support Australian workers through COVID-19 pandemic  via  "
"Here's how workers are reacting to Scott Morrison's coronavirus wage subsidy announcement - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)  via   - CRNews"
"Scott Morrison announces $1,500 fortnightly payment for workers hit by coronavirus crisis  video "
"It's March 30, 2020 at 09:00PM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"      I think Scott Morrison getting up and not acting like a baby even though he is being constantly attacked is making people like him more. He has no special treatment or fans."
"    I hope Scott Morrison watched it because hes still talking 6 months of this."
"   ScottyFromMarketing   scottythesalesman   liarfromtheshire For all those believing  scott Morrison and media on money keep workers in jobs One_ it has to go through parliment Two _ parliment shutdown by Morrison Three_ this wont be happening till sometime in may"
"    And you call yourself a christian! Your a fake and a phony! My 10 year old Aussie born son thinks your racist, wise words from the mouths if babes! We will have to find a way back to NZ, but Scott Morrison don't cone to NZ, your no longer welcome!"
"Scott Morrison was too slow to move from his business as usual Scotty from Marketing approach.  4Corners"
"Thank you Scott Morrison! "
"So Trump (supposedly a good guy) and Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison (piece of shi*) are both contemplating giving masses around 1500. More and more this looks like crumbs to pacify White people for a short time."
"    ""Them"", these people are not them, they are ""us"". Scott Morrison said if you are Australian, return home!"
"Thanks Scott Morrison for your important messages.  However I still would like to know what you are specifically doing about the potential foreign ownership of Australian companies, land and interests.  Have you read Senator Hanson's letter to you?I would like to see you act now."
" BEER FRIDGE FACTS !! When Scott Morrison first brought back Chinese Australians from Wuhan and put them on Christmas island the bedwetting Australia' hating ABC and Green party calling it Racist. Now same iddits backflip saying total lockdown. Fair dinkum mate !!"
"I think Scott Morrison needs to give  MAFS a stimulus package"
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has announced a $130 billion package to support the wages of up to 6 million Australian throughout the coronavirus crisis.  The ""Jobkeeper"" subsidy will be worth $1500 a fortnight and paid to employers to pay their employees. "
"This afternoon, Prime Minister Scott Morrison announced a $130 billion economic package - which includes relief for our beloved hospitality industry. Click the link below for details  inittogether  supporthospitality "
"""In the months ahead, we're going to find out how strong we are."" - Prime Minister Scott Morrison  4corners,  covid19,  rmitjourno"
"Were a strong nation of strong people and in this moment were going to find out just how strong we are.  Scott Morrison  rmitJourno  4corners  pandemic  sallyneighbour  coronavirus  abc  iview  fourcorners"
"    Good on JA. But we should also say thanks to Scott Morrison. Whether you vote blue or red, this would not have happened if he didnt want it to."
"Scott Morrison and the Australian government can get fucked. ""Oh we're gonna hand out extra wage to businesses currently flourishing to keep their employers employed than letting them take time off work for their health."" AND YOU WONDER WHY IT IS WE HAVE OVER 1K CASES.  (1/2)"
"    That no doubt will be Scott Morrisons fault"
"Coronavirus update LIVE: Scott Morrison announces 'Jobkeeper' package, COVID-19 death toll hits 18 in Australia "
"Scott Morrison to offer coronavirus wage subsidy to Australian businesses and workers "
"  Hey somaya, we heard a rumour that Scott Morrison might announce stage four, god help us if its true"
"India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has proposed a joint G20 strategy to fight Coronavirus after finalizing time-schedule for SAARC nations video conference. This was confirmed by Australian PM Scott Morrison at a press conference.  "
"Coronavirus: Scott Morrison announces $130 billion wage subsidy package :  auspol  australiapm "
"More fundamentally, Prime Minister Scott Morrison needs to move on from the idea that the best form of welfare is a job, a phrase that has become an incantation for him, a badge of conviction, repeated ad tedium. "
"The payment will be available to full-time, part-time and sole-trader workers.  Casual workers will have access to the payment if they have been with their employers for 12 months or more.  9News "
"        The preacher he might have been.... See The Monthly Feb 2020, The Devil and Scott Morrison "
"I have never seen a sader day than when Scott Morrison addressed the nation today , u sir are weak and self-serving and I call you  out , im coming  for you !!"
"      Scott Morrison, Australia's Pentecostalot PM...."
"Scott Morrison s 1st  Stimulus Package $4.6 Billion , 2nd Stimulus Package $66 Billion , 3rd Stimulus Package $130 Billion Everyone But People On The  DisabilitySupportPension And  CarersPayment Get A Minimum Of An Extra $500 A Week    auspol"
"""This is a Team Australia moment,"" Josh Frydenberg tells  abc730. Don't think I've heard that phrase in a while!!!  "
"  Ok, this is harder than it should be. My wife and our daughter in a pram together with her sister from another household. Allowed or not? Scott Morrison said a reason for the 2 person limit was so women could get fresh air without being alone. Does my wife need to be alone?"
"Why am I reminded of Scott Morrison when I hear that phrase? "
"On purpose caused by the pm scott morrison , look at his record and what he does on purpose. That subhuman clearly hates animals and the environment . Whilst creating a 160 million fortune for himself. "
"Will the new stimulus package, providing assistance to those at risk of becoming jobless by the coronavirus crisis, be enough to save Australia from recession? Political Editor   and Finance Editor   weigh in.   TheLatest  7NEWS "
"Scott Morrison addresses the nation  via   - CRNews"
"OK, people. If you know any ""Quiet Australians"" can you please let them know that the anti-virus software on their computing devices does NOT protect them against  COVID19au!! And as far as I know, Scott Morrison has not said this. Yet.......  auspol"
"  How many Australians have to commit suicide, get beaten up by a spouse, develop a drug or alcohol problem, be driven to a life of crime, or become long-term unemployed before Scott Morrison declares this lockdown a success??  coronavirusaus  coronavirusau  coronavirus  auspol2020"
"Scott Morrison just announced the two-person rule in the fight against coronavirus, but what does it actually mean? - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)  see more "
"Treasurer   joins The Latest to explain the new $130 billion economic stimulus package for low-to-middle-income earners that was announced by Scott Morrison earlier today.   TheLatest  7NEWS "
"Australia ETF Climbs After A$130 Billion in Record Stimulus An Australia country-specific exchange traded fund was leading the charge Mon after Prime Minister Scott Morrison announced the governments fiscal stimulus package to help support the ailing economy  aussie  australia "
"Hearing reports that Scott Morrison is planning on sacking the Chief Medical Officer and replacing with this man  auspol  covd19  Coronavirus  australialockdown "
"Coronavirus Australia update live: Tasmania records second death as NSW considers pop-up testing in  Bondi  latest news  "
"Going to smash job interviews post  coronavirus.  Interviewer: ""Can you tell me about a time you had to deal with conflicting inputs, no leadership support, and you were under significant stress?""  Me: ""So it was March 2020, there was a pandemic, and Scott Morrison was PM..."""
"In recent days, Scott Morrison has been saying contradictory things. He tells us he is following medical advice. But at the same time, he says he is trying to strike a balance between the twin challenges of the economy and health. Both cant be true."
"Has any member of the media asked Scott Morrison who the new resident in Kirribilli House is this week? do they  protect  gov places  til after crisis over  auspol"
"""A real friend is one that can be relied upon in a crisis."" The Pacific Step Up needs to become a COVID-19 Step Up. Well said,   "
"    Didn't Scott Morrison say that we were doing compassion for people from overseas now?"
"Latest from  : Consumer confidence tumbles to record low, takeaway alcohol sales up 86 per cent over the past week compared to same period last year "
"People will be able to pick up their prescriptions for the pill, their antidepressants or asthma medication from their pharmacist even if they cannot access their GP for a prescription thanks to a new special authority granted to them by NSW Health  "
"fuck LNPcunt out Prime Minister Scott Morrison Australian death cult Hannity Aspen Pentecostal. going to enter hell or they self suicide .traditional spreaders of  evil, pentacaustals satan worships whos only goal is  mass human  sacrifice  auspol  SCOMO criminal intent on death"
"As we face the COVID crisis, we have one ventilator for every 11,000 Australians. Our nearest neighbour, PNG, has one ventilator per 1 million people. We must expand the Pacific Step Up to a COVID Step Up. "
"trends list: Prime Minister Scott Morrison Australian zombie death cult Murdock  Pentecostal. going to enter hellor they self suicide .traditional spreaders of  evil, pentacaustals satan worships whos only goal is  mass human  sacrifice  auspol  SCOMO criminal intent on death"
"Important contribution from Labor's  .  stepup  "
"Scott Morrison's tax exempt, murdock zombie  apolcllaypse government subsidised doomsday cult, Hillsong church, defies coronavirus warnings to worship their god: Brian   auspol  Hillsong  HillsongCult"
"Imagine living in a country where there was one ICU bed per 100,000 people and one ventilator per million people. Where there is one doctor per 16,666 people and one nurse per 1,754. Imagine living in a country where at least 3.5 million people did no "
"Scott Morrison: PM Morrison Get Tested for the Corona Virus. - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Up to 6m workers will receive $1500 fortnightly payments under a $130bn JobKeeper scheme  the centrepiece of Australias biggest ever rescue package  to keep biz open throughout the COVID-19 economic crisis and protect hundreds of thousands of jobs "
"      *Whether* you like it or not, Scott Morrison based this decision, not on a rude &amp; entitled PM, but an economy that strengthens Australia moving forward after this madness has ended. A strong economy benefits the health of all Australian citizens &amp; residents. "
"      I'll argue for Scott Morrison, one of my least favorite people, if he is being misquoted.  I own a hard copy of this book, which help people understand logical fallacies.  Twitter would be a much better place for discussion if people read this book; "
"Scott Morrison calls the Pacific our 'family'. Covid-19 is Australia's chance to prove that Source: Guardian "
"As   describes, our Pacific neighbors are so vulnerable in this crisis. We must do more to support them. "
"Scott Morrison calls the Pacific our 'family'; Covid-19 is Australia's chance to prove that | Pat Conroy      "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison has just announced a $130 billion support package to help employers and employees.  COVID19  Jobs  PrimeMinister  StimulusPackage Find out more:  "
"Scott Morrison calls the Pacific our 'family'; Covid-19 is Australia's chance to prove that |  "
"  Just another Scott Morrison stooge in the Murdoch media. No credibility.  Has to work for Murdoch as nobody else would hire him."
"    They've been writing Scott Morrison's press conference scripts too, eh?"
"      Also (unlike Ruperts  Troy) Albo was also voted into parliament, by voters like me. Scott Morrison is not there to represent us. Albo is, and we expect him to. "
"Scott Morrison: Self isolate.  But also keep kmart, target, etc open. But don't think about going there if it's not necessary. Only if you're going to buy a jigsaw puzzle.  coronavirusaus  COVID19  auspol  COVID19Aus"
"Scott Morrison lists only four reasons to leave home amid coronavirus crisis  via  "
"No.  Nothing.  $750 pensioner supplement.  Im not holding my breath given Scott Morrisons record for moving money to somewhere else than he inferred.   Hes the consummate lier. "
"scott morrison treats giving us vital health updates the same way that livelaughlove bloggers treat giving us a recipe for stew"
"Scott Morrison calls the Pacific our 'family'; Covid-19 is Australia's chance to prove that | Pat Conroy "
"  Scott Morrison recruited Combet Porter recruited McManus  Its  called bipartisanship"
"Scott Morrison fans are shitty"
"Scott Morrison calls the Pacific our family; Covid-19 is Australias chance to prove that | Pat Conroy "
"Should Scott Morrison endorse &amp; advocate Chloroquine as an treatment to assist in lowering infection rates of covid19"
"I heard a pundit on the radio this morning refer to Scott Morrisons massive package. I almost choked on my porridge."
"Scott Morrison calls the Pacific our 'family'; Covid-19 is Australia's chance to prove that | Pat Conroy  "
"  Australia's strong Coalition government, lead by Scott Morrison, is being praised world-wide for its handling of the  coronavirus pandemic.  If Bill Shorten was PM, as you fantasised about for years, the response would have been insipid.   auspol  COVID19Aus  Covid_19"
"Scott Morrison calls the Pacific our family; Covid-19 is Australias chance to prove that | Pat Conroy | World news  "
"Norman Swan does not have Covid-19 "
"Haha! They've superimposed Scott Morrison's COVID-19 press conference on to Duke Dumont's 'Red Light, Green Light'. Class. "
"scott morrison, aus govt if you wish australian business,unemployed, to survive working at home, you will have to stop all entertainment channels ie netfix from using all the bandwidth over the next 12 months you have been warned  COVID19Aus"
"Scott Morrison: We demand water be taken off the market and water trading ended in Australia.  via  "
"scott morrison, aus govt if you wish australian business,unemployed, to survive working at home, you will have to stop all entertainment channels ie netfix from using all the bandwidth over the next 12 months you have been warned  nbn"
"Here is the latest update from Prime Minister Scott Morrison about Income support partner pay income test and the new JobKeeper Payment -  "
"It's March 31, 2020 at 10:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"  Remembering  an old article from 2015 . I fear just as much for the outcome of this virus as i do the virus. "
"Tasmania has recorded its second coronavirus death in as many days, with an elderly man dying at the Royal Hobart Hospital overnight. Follow our live coverage here:  "
"  Gideon, can you explain why John Roskam says Scott Morrison is doing ""a great job"" while imposing a deliberate social &amp; economic catastrophe on the country?  It baffles us too."
"I've got this sinking feeling that when this shit is over with, Scott Morrison is going to be remembered as a hero instead of the vile way he treated refugees as immigration minister, his homophobic push of religious freedoms and gross mismanagement of the bushfires  auspol"
"    Yes, Scott Morrison has contracted out his job for tens of millions of dollars, sacked himself on full pay, &amp; handed the country over to coal executives.     Auspol"
"Former Test legend Shane Warne announces gin company to halt production to distribute hand sanitiser for WA hospitals The move comes as Prime Minister Scott Morrison urged companies to make a wartime shift to produce muc...  via    perth  australia "
"Coronavirus: How to download the government's app, get updates on WhatsApp "
"Coronavirus Australia update live: Tasmania records second death as NSW considers pop-up testing in Bondi  latest news  "
"Otherwise Angus talyor with send us into another drought "
"    Yep here is one article back from 2015  hope this doesn't become the outcome of the virus.  "
"Sign the Petition Stop Bank Interest Charges On Hardship Applications Covid-19  "
"PMs $130bn job scheme a depression buster : Fine if essential but useless failed businesses shouldn't be bailed out "
"Coronavirus Australia update live: Tasmania records second death as NSW considers pop-up testing in Bondi  latest news "
"Peter Gutwein, the Tasmanian premier, says a second person, a man, died overnight, bringing the states total to two. "
"Heres an idea: Scott Morrison should call on former prime ministers to advise on a post-pandemic reconstruction plan. Why not call John Howard and Julia Gillard back to public service? This bipartisanship would further strengthen national unity.    auspol  coronavirus"
"Coronavirus Australia update live: government to subsidise wages for 6 million workers in $130bn plan  latest news "
"Scott Morrison thinks jigsaw puzzles are essential items. Those without jobs are just hoping they can keep a roof over their heads and food on the table.  Julie Carrick, Leopold   letters  jigsawpuzzle  COVID19  COVID19Aus "
"Coronavirus Australia: Scott Morrison announces 'Jobkeeper' wage subsidy scheme worth $130 billion "
"Scott Morrison Scott Morrison you are amazing. Im so proud you are our prime minister . You are doing such an arduous job and better than anyone else could have . Sending so much gratitude and thoughts for you and your team that you can manage and get rest also . Love you so much and thx"
"While coronavirus threatens us all, Scott Morrison is busy fuelling future fires!  AustraliaOnFire "
"    Its just scott Morrison. GET DOWN FROM THERE"
"RG Menzies: The Father  John Howard: The Son  Scott Morrison and Tony Abbott: The Holy Goats "
"I have just realised that when Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison went to Hawaii for a holiday during the bushfires it was for a profound altruistic purpose.  He was practicing social distancing - in preparation for COVID 19."
"The Young Workers Centre are up next on the Online Picket Line for a  WageSubsidyForAll! Heaps of young people will be excluded by Scott Morrison's scheme if they're casuals or freelancers. We need to win this for EVERYONE.     JoinYourUnion "
"More than 113,000 businesses have already registered their interest in the new wage subsidy announced yesterday afternoon; NSW issues tough new order restricting public movement.   with today's developments here: "
"Petition update  Wage subsidy welcomed while industry prepares for hibernation without support   "
"The government will subsidise the pay packets of low- to middle-income earners under the threat of being stood down because of COVID-19.  TMS7  "
" KylieMooreGilbert was handed a 10 yr sentence after a secret trial &amp; 10 months in solitary. She was given no time &amp; little access to a lawyer to prepare her appeal, which was rejected. She has been in isolation ever since. Sign the petition   FreeKylie"
"Scott Morrison For all landlords here is the link to the petition for asking government for financial help for landlords. Please sign and share. "
"  Scott Morrison  here is the link to the petition for help for the landlords"
"  Scott Morrison is either in it for the votes, or is too stupid to recognise them for what they are. Both options scare the crap out of me because he is our prime minister."
"Does the Andrew/Katherine Scott Morrison presser have the staying power for  hottest100? Has shades of   ABC news theme remix about it.  auspol        "
"  Scott Morrison told companies to wait to here hes scheme! Also - they still need job seeeker as many people wont be eligible to job keeper!"
"[new column] Anthony Albanese talking down the national cabinet, criticising the health and economic response to  coronavirus, and his attacks on Scott Morrison are a risky strategy for Labor and undermine national unity    auspol  coronavirusaus "
"Just because there is no news about  KylieMooreGilbert doesn't mean we should be quiet too. 19,700 have signed to call for her release  FreeKylie Please add your name to the growing list  "
"    I need to speak up here because while I am not normally an advocate for Scott Morrison nor this Liberal government I have heard him acknowledge the input of all state and territory leaders as well as the opposition on several occasions."
"Scott Morrison: Carers and recipients of the Disability Support Pension deserve Coronavirus payments too! - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Scott Morrison reveals $130 billion wage subsidy scheme -  "
"Found in response to   latest at  8 Dec 1989: 'UPDATE', The Canberra Times,  "
"Industry Insights: Scott Morrison to offer  coronavirus wage subsidy to Australian businesses and workers   business "
"    are the numbers plateauing, or are people unable to get tested?  call me cynical, but i have loved ones woron the front line, and from their perspective, the govt response has been rather poor.  probably best not to congratulate scott go to the footy morrison just yet."
"Scott Morrison announces $1.1 billion plan for coronavirus support  "
"All through thiscoronavirus experience, we've had one rule for Scott Morrison's mates, donors, and his church, and one rule for non-mates/non-hillsongers  via  "
"      Boats and planes arriving they have made a huge contribution to the COVD19 numbers.  The mixed message Scott Morrison stating out borders are closed but that did not happen !"
"              Scott Morrison Scott Morrison PM  is huge on LinkedIn and I am a first connection to many of his colleagues.who also use LinkedIn because professionals matter to them..unlike here in the UK "
"""People are doing it really tough,"" she said.  I think the response to Scott Morrison and Josh Frydenberg's announcement over in the west was definitely a sign of relief"".  Prime Minister Scott Morrison on Monday revealed his government will pay employers to keep on their staff"
"    John Hewson writes a Friday article in the Illawarra Mercury. He's been critical of the Scott Morrison govt. I believe he write very well."
" 4corners is the scariest and most infuriating TV I have ever seen pertaining to my life. Ever.  I think back to last May at how worried I was to be living under Scott Morrison and the  LNPfail  I had no idea it would be life threatening.   coronavirusaus  coronavirusaustralia"
"What you need to know about the two-person rule  via  "
"Scott David Morrison   CrimesAgainstHumanity"
"These effects, but global. "
"With states now chipping in with Rent relief, where landlords can't evict you for 6 months if you're impacted, these measures will hopefully see us through these dark economic times.  Scott Morrison and Dan Andrews have been quite good in the response but long way to go"
"I usually really hate sharing stuff like this, but hey, maybe this will make the gov take action.  "
"It's March 31, 2020 at 12:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"                            I see someone who seems to actually care about Americans and not just those in NYC or California. Just like I see the same in Scott Morrison or Tony Abbott."
"    Hes a fuckn dud the Scott Morrison of coaching!"
"Scott Morrison announces $1,500 fortnightly payment for workers hit by coronavirus crisis  video | Global  "
"Australian workers eligible for AU$1500 a fortnight as PM unveils coronavirus Jobkeeper package "
"  i'm livid Mr's had 2 ops cancelled and is living in agony. I'm furious chemist ran out of my pain meds even though when i said, do i need to order she said no. So no pain relief til Wednesday if i'm lucky! And i'm about ready to strangle Scott ""it's all coming later"" Morrison."
"  Not interested in Mr. Scott Morrison, family man...really NEED Scott Morrison thinking and talking as Prime Minister of Australia.  Not up to it.  Not up to making any sense as Australian leader.  Really, really shameful."
"Today's slur for Scott Morrison: Obtuse buffoon."
"Coronavirus Australia live news: Scott Morrison announces $1,500 a fortnight 'job keeper' payment to employers worth $130bn  latest "
"Day 563 of captivity No news is not necessarily good news, it is just no news There has been total silence over  KylieMooreGilbert for weeks. We can only hope for the best &amp; urge those in power to do more &amp; do it faster  FreeKylie Please add your voice "
"NEVER FORGET: Scott Morrison &amp; Josh Frydenberg will never get it right. they ALWAYS get it wrong &amp; when they get caught they shift blame &amp; the public ALWAYS pay for their mistakes. FOR SMIRKO &amp; FRAUDO,  COVID WAS A BACK IN FAKE-SURPLUS CRISIS; NOT, A HEALTH CRISIS.  qanda  corona "
"    Scott Morrison Where do you people think money comes from? Contrary to popular belief, Scott Morrison cant pull it out of his arse."
"That is very, very interesting.   Has any member of the media asked Scott Morrison who the new resident in Kirribilli House is this week?   One rule for some . . . . . . .   "
" qanda Coronavirus: Shane Warne leads sports worlds attack on Scott Morrison "
" qanda Coronavirus: Scott Morrison slammed for football decision "
"  I wrote to George Brandis, Julie Bishop and Scott Morrison to no avail. I will draw up a new plan of attack."
"    Deviating away from the point. It is not my opinion that Australia is currently handling this better than other countries, its fact. If you are more informed than the experts on what to do, what would you suggest Scott Morrison does, Denis?"
"Australians dissatisfied with the leadership of Prime Minister Scott Morrison are banding together to call for New Zealand to annex Australia so the country can be under Jacinda Ardern's leadership. "
" qanda Scott Morrison threatens funding for independent and Catholic schools if they close amid coronavirus crisis "
"Has anyone clarified if the two person rule applies to small kids?    "
"      You still to write scott Morrison go home 100x before morning or I'll chop your balls off"
"Scott Morrison and Josh Frydenberg knew they had to upend their previous reluctance to provide wage subsidies. And they have, big time, writes  .  auspol  coronavirus "
"PM gives workers $1500 a fortnight payment as part of $130 billion package "
"        Horizon Church is an Assemblies of God (AOG) church, a pentacostal organisation that shares the same value and belief set as Hillsong.   I grew up in AOG churches.  Their message is as identical to Hillsong and equally elitist and toxic. "
"  She wants lots of people to die so she can say Scott Morrison has blood on his hands or some shit like that"
"It's March 30, 2020 at 11:00PM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"  I didn't vote for Scott Morrison and certainly weren't happy when they won power again, but moronic like-hungry tweets like this that smack of desperation for attention, is what drives division in this country at a time that it certainly isn't needed."
"Coronavirus job keeper: Scott Morrison announces $1500 fortnightly payments to Australian workers :  auspol  australiapm "
"Scott Morrison - the Prime Minister of Australia - was recently saying how people could go about their lives, go to the footy, and now people have to obey new laws that show he was an IDIOT. Blame  ScottyFromMarketing "
"Scott Morrison now ahead of Gough Whitlam in best socialist Prime Minister stakes.  auspol"
"        It's changed again since Scott Morrison appointed Ita Buttrose.  Obviously the massive cuts to funding have damaged the non news and current affairs arms."
"This massive economic boost just secured the Coalition &amp; Scott Morrison a strong lead again the Opposition &amp; a potential win in the next Federal election.  Coronavirus job keeper: Scott Morrison announces $1500 fortnightly payments to Australian workers  "
"Scott Morrison announces $1,500 fortnightly payment for workers hit by  coronavirus crisis. "
"Scott Morrison: Lockdown Australia NOW due to coronavirus! - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"What about us!!!!huh? Scott Morrison  internationalstudents  Covid_19 "
"Hon Scott Morrison MP: Support event, entertainment and arts workforce industry - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Daniel Andrews telling you what to do is like your dad telling you off after a long day at work. Scott Morrison telling you what to do is like the  next door neighbour who won't let you get your footy back."
"Scott Morrison reveals $130 billion wage subsidy scheme  via  "
"Scott Morrison has announced the two-person rule on gatherings in the fight against coronavirus, but what does it actually mean? - ABC News "
"ABC   Hamish! Where do you get these whingers from? If they were Intelligent people they would have watched Scott Morrisons presser in which he Answered ALL their vacuous Questions! OR, IS THIS PROGRAM PRE-RECORDED ON SUNDAY?"
"      When Scott Morrison became Minister for Immigration he invented the principle of operational matters about which hed say nothing  Worked well for him  The media couldt generate new stories so they didnt keep the issue as prominent as they would have if with more transpcy"
"  A friend posted a ""you can see how exhausted Scott Morrison is, he's working so hard"" posts on facebook. Had to restrain myself with ""What you're seeing is a lifelong neoliberal having to tear his whole worldview down with his own hands. He's not exhausted, he's crying inside."""
"  Mine is Scott Morrison so Im stuffed."
"Scott Morrison announces $1,500 fortnightly payment for workers hit by coronavirus crisis  "
"      Scott Morrison Just STOP it!   STOP it!"
"        The reason people criticise Scott Morrison is because he's a terrible prime minister.   Feeling drawn to one or other political philosophy doesn't mean you have to support everyone of that persuasion even when they're useless or crooked."
"Scott Morrison is not the leader we need in this crises  qanda  auspol"
"  Its PRIME MINISTER SCOTT MORRISON. The treasurer Josg Frydenbergs budget has helped save Australia's economy. If you voted ALP you could not possibly understand that"
"Ms Join a Union thinks fiscal! Labor unions Agenda's been 2 push hard, hassling the Govt 2 go into DEEP debt by demanding More n More 4 workers. Scott Morrison n his Govt's Agenda is 2 provide everything needed 2 keep ALL Australians safe n Australia bouyant whatever it takes! "
"Scott Morrison: COVID-19: Lower the fees for International Students in Australia - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Time for chief medical officer Brendan Murphy and Scott Morrison to go and replace them with leaders"
" QandA the most important job in Australia is Scott Morrisons"
"Scott Morrison I am happy that many people are been grateful this time and not complain. Even though I am not entitled to this package, yet I say thank you Scott Morrison."
"I dont know that Scott Morrison will always do the right thing after exhausting all the alternatives but it does seem to be his MO right now"
"Brace yourself New Zealanders. If you ask Amazons Alexa who is my Prime Minister? with a location in NZ the answer is Scott Morrison!   jacindaardern            newzealand  newzealandisnotaustralia  amazonalexa"
"Congratulations Our PM Scott Morrison for humane, decisive, down to earth local community, suburbs &amp; townships, State /National Federal. Cohesive &amp; banning foreign entry is fantastic, like NZ &amp; the South Pacific region as geographically diverse in biological diversity &amp; resources "
"The ABC want a broke nation so the public turn on Scott Morrison :  auspol  australiapm "
"Katharine   Would it really hurt that much for you to present a Positive opinion piece with respect to Scott Morrisons, and the Governments, approach to introducing measures to ensure that all Australian individuals and businesses can get through and Survive this?! "
"Scott Morrison Well well sir Scott Morrison you are doing a great job for the people of Australia but you spend ing money like water ok if this what think will happen China will what there money  back from all countries so are they going walk in and take over Australia or we will pay owe det "
"Got no faith except Scott Morrison and the Liberal National Government will Totally Collapse the Economy,   QandA"
"iN tough times like this we see the best of Australia..Scott Morrison PM..Scott Morrison        "
" qanda Scott Morrison I think everything the government is doing has been fantastic. True leadership when needed. There has been no handbook on how to react and Scott Morrison has done a great job!!!"
"Scott Morrison has now enlisted Keith Urban and Nicole Kidman to help keep spirits up in Australia..he has just told Australians via LinkedIn .thank you Australia you are saving lives and livelihoods..this is so inspiring from the PM Scott Morrison     .."
"Scott Morrison trying to become popular by telling tenants dont pay rent . Why dont you tell the banks freeze loan payments ?why are politicians still spending millions of dollars on perks when we suppose to be isolating ?"
"    have you offered to take a 50% pay cut? you should even if Scott Morrison doesn't.  qanda"
"I assume this is what Scott Morrison has been alluding to when he talks about the importance of the economy. The domestic violence, alcohol abuse, relationship breakdown, depression and suicide from the isolation, job losses and bankruptcies. Imagine having to weigh these "
"It's March 30, 2020 at 10:00PM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"I'm really grateful that Scott Morrison was elected PM before covid-19  qanda"
"      US is predicting the peak in two weeks and Scott Morrison is locking business sentiment in for six months?    Turn this around Sebastian, you can do it"
"Scott Morrison: Landlord protection - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"  The truth was exposed on  ABC  4corners tonight ... Scott Morrison's handling of the  coronavirusau has been  woeful and dangerous! It appears that he had been taking advice from his  Pentecostal mate in the USA, Donald Trump. Similar views!"
"      I dated a Narcissist for 4 years, it took a decade to put my life back together. ""liking applause doesn't make someone a narcissist. They leave a carnage of destroyed lives. (Kinda like Scott Morrison)"
"Something you won't see on the MSM.  National Apology National Apology to the victims and survivors of institutional child sexual abuse. Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison "
"Scott Morrison just announced the two-person rule. What does it actually mean? "
" auspol   liarfromtheshire debt and disaster New lnp taxes coming pay this back ,"
"Now I get it - the ABC (Australia) is a Petri-Dish Of Miserable, Glass-half-Empty anti-establishment whingers!  Scott Morrison, Prime Minister, has demonstrated Statesman like Management of the Covid19 crisis which, it seems, pisses them off! Give credit where its due!"
"Show some compassion, a couple of minutes of your time and a signature. Please help us to  FreeKylie  You could help change her life "
"Very relieved that despite the will of the Australian people last year, PVO (10 Network Survivor Correspondent) finally recognises Scott Morrison as the PM of Australia."
"Scott Morrison can pray to his God all he likes. But the Prime Minister of Australia committing our Nation to God gives the impression timely decisions arent being made based on science, facts &amp; the public interest  auspol "
"  Talk to your people. Talk to Scott Morrison Reach out. What's there to loose by doing so if your government is being honest.  COVID19 "
"Scott Morrison: Make NURSES yearly registration FREE for 2020.  via  . This is one way we can show our gratitude to nurses"
"This made me cry, in a good way...... "
"  As soon as I saw Scott Morrison steps up I couldnt read it. Morriscon never steps up! , he is pushed pulled &amp; dragged. He wastes everyones time and energy getting him to DO ANYTHING! Meanwhile, lives are lost. PvO is a sychophantic marshmallow"
"        ... They too are suffering from a government that murders innocent civilians. This act by the CCP could be classed as war crimes or crimes against humanity. Scott Morrison has done his best in a difficult situation and probably acted fast enough that we may never see the...."
"  As   has noted, it is too often not so much WHAT is done, but WHO does it: "
"Excellent initiative,   !  Coronavirus Live Updates Australia:   Queensland launches 'Care Army' (care for a senior)  Latest News   "
"Listen to your New God! Frankie Gos To Hollywood. Naah Seriously, Scott Morrison forget about your instincts they only belong to you and will probably serve you better than he. Trusting my instincts has served me well as if i had not trusted them i would not be writing this now."
"Coronavirus JobKeeper package shows the politicians you least expect can step out of Fight Club "
"Oil and Coal Money over lives Our lord and saviour Scott Morrison "
"We currently have about 450, about 500 intensive care beds in Victoria. And now, were going to fund another 4,000 intensive care beds, taking us to a total of 4,500. "
"Scott Morrison: Extend COVID-19 relief packages to temporary visa holders - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"News Corp has suspended printing of 60 community titles. It says advertising revenue has dropped to unsustainable levels and it has no choice. "
"The ABC want a broke nation so the public turn on Scott Morrison  | Sky News Australia "
"Scott Morrison : Free Dr Kylie Moore-Gilbert - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"The Hotels with Hearts initiative is under way in WA. Homeless people are being housed in empty hotel rooms in Perth as part of a trial to keep some of the most vulnerable residents safe during the coronacrisis. "
"U   r fast becoming complicit with the LNP negligence &amp; its wearing thin with a title  Scott Morrison steps up whilst anyone with half an objective investigative brain knows the title should be Scott Morrison steps down  PropagandaJourno "
"    I completely agree. Its such a shit article I cant even be bothered reading it. Being an idiot, he incorrectly analyzed his dream, the car crash is how the govt handles emergency situations and the driver is scott Morrison running away from the scene of the crime.  COVID19au"
"WTF!!! Prime Minister Scott Morrison Commits Australia to God   4,199 viewsMar 31, 2020.  "
"      Scott Morrison Its not ironic!  Yes I am anti Hillsong. &amp; Anti fraudulently fixing Elections, Anti neo liberal propaganda Anti Climate Change deniers &amp; Anti Scott Morrison but I dont claim to be unbiased as you  LNP voters do"
"  allowing mass crowd events to proceed prior to the Ruby Princess to leave; Scott Morrison had one job &amp; he did it; protected his cult &amp; the cost of us all"
"Scott Morrison: Give Temporary Migrants In Australia Early Access To Their Super And Job Keeper Payments - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Coronavirus live updates Australia: death toll rises to 20 as Queensland launches 'care army'  latest news "
"Is Bill Shorten, Anthony Albanese, Sally McManus working all day &amp; all night? I dont think so. This package is solely the work of Scott Morrison, Josh Frydenberg, Greg Hunt &amp; Mathias Corman....THANK YOU! "
"I feel like I'm losing almost all my rights thanks to all the people out there who give orders, like that dickhead Scott Morrison."
"Scott Morrison: Make NURSES yearly registration FREE for 2020. - Sign the Petition!  via  "
"Scott Morrison while have you allowed Daniel Andrews to make to make the poor decision of signing the ""belt and road"" initiative with China?  He has stuck Victoria in it.  Why do the states have the autonomy to make such decisions? Victorians do not want this."
"    Folks. Check the date. Brilliant!  Now, Pete, back to serious work.   He will always be Scott Morrison. "
"It's April 01, 2020 at 12:00PM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
" AprilFoolsDay Scott Morrison is still PM.....Hah! April Fool!!! No wait........."
"420 activists deliver a pound of weed to Scott Morrison as peace offering  "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrisons recent announcement that all tenants would be offered a six-month moratorium on evictions has been welcomed by Harcourts.   realestate  auspol "
"Morrison addressed in a press conference following a National Cabinet meeting that public gatherings will be limited to two people... "
"""The Hotels with Heart pilot aims to keep homeless people safe and out of hospital. The new service model could be scaled up to support vulnerable people if the pilot is successful"" - Via  "
"Scott Morrison Announces National Passenger Rail proposal for Australia  "
"    Would have preferred to read: Scott Morrison Steps Down."
"Scott Morrison, immanentizing the eschaton on taxpayers' money. Someone put the adults in charge, please. "
"The not-so-dirty secret the COVID-19 panel wants to hide . Scott Morrison went into this crisis with a serious credibility problem. The public has not forgiven or forgotten his misjudgment of the public mood over bushfires.  via  "
"Scott Morrison's watching the news closely today because his corona plan relies heavily on all the dead people jumping up and saying ""APRIL FOOLS!"""
"Betting on betting?   One of the big gambling agencies is so desperate for a punt, it has opened up betting on the ASX. "
"This is a disgrace &gt;&gt; ""One of the big gambling agencies is so desperate for a punt, it has opened up betting on the ASX."" &gt;&gt; "
"Hi  , would you consider sharing my petition to extend benefits to temporary visa workers? "
"    In a press conference, Scott Morrison was explicit in stating that the gathering limit had been set at two people, rather than one, in order to PROTECT women. In light of this, your sister's situation would seem to meet the requirements of the 'lore' if not the law. "
"  Greetings my brother! Please give my regards to Scott Morrison. For the sake of the Supreme Ruler of the Universe, Jesus Christ, whom these eyes have seen."
"      Scott Morrison leads a mentalist Christian group "
"Your heading alone reeks of crap... Scott Morrisons $130bn wages policy went against the Liberals traditional ideological preferences  which only makes the decision a stronger show of leadership....it wasnt his idea! No credit to Scott Morrison "
"Standing proud next to Scott Morrison, the vocalist tweeted to his 27.5K followers that, u guys we out here, doors are open now idk, shouldve panicked bought tickets cowards.   "
"  Lol at everyone asking Communist Wannabe Scott Morrison to stop his buddy's exporting our land and produce to these CCP fuck boys. The CCP the Australian Communist Party and Scott Morrison are fucked   Where's Lee Harvey Oswald"
"Scott morrison pentacaustal  death wish pedophiel ring top trendign   topic after the  4corners show last night  auspol"
"Pitbull is more environmentally conscious than Scott Morrison. I know we have bigger issues right now, but I just realised this.  auspol"
"Coronavirus JobKeeper package shows the politicians you least expect can step out of Fight Club - ABC News  via  "
"Labor has asked the government to step in and help children with no internet access at home, receive the connections they need to keep up their schooling. "
" Morrison is BONKERS!  Moonlighting as a Pentecostal pastor. FMD! Brace yourself....  Prime Minister Scott Morrison Commits Australia to God  via    auspol  COVID19au  coronavirusau  GodIsInTheHouse!"
"Frontline health workers have written to Guardian Australia to say it was galling to see politicians receiving their flu shots when doctors and nurses are yet to receive theirs despite working with Covid-19 patients or preparing for Covid-19 admission "
"The day Morrison truly became our PM "
"Media Statement - Update on Coronavirus COVID-19 Measures - Prime Minister of Australia, Hon. Scott Morrison: "
"It matters that Scott Morrison has resided over decisions that would have been inconceivable a year ago  "
"  How about... We ended up with this emergency because of the worst possible choices of people to be running things.  Donald Trump Scott Morrison Peter Dutton  Auspol"
"Press Conference - Australian Parliament House, ACT Transcript - Prime Minister of Australia - Hon. Scott Morrison 30/3/2020: "
"The day Morrison truly became our PM    Scott Morrisons $130bn wages policy went against the Lib traditional ideological preferences  which only makes the decision a stronger show of leadership.  Rubbish, I believe this, PVO wrote it to save his job?"
"  I mean like I won't mind but I am the scott Morrison in your discord hehe"
"Excellent news,   !  Australia Coronavirus Live Updates:   Victoria announces $1.3 billion upgrade to Intensive Care Units  Latest News   "
"  You would b right at home in au "
"""If we do not make the Pacific Step Up a Covid-19 Step Up, our Pacific friends will look to other nations to assist them in their time of crisis. This is only natural and is already occurring,"" writes   in the   "
"Can we kick Scott Morrison out yet"
" NewsCorp has suspended printing of 60 community titles. It says advertising revenue has dropped to unsustainable levels and it has no choice.  COVID19   "
"    Great job keeper  package from scott morrison but why exclude the most vulnerable. ......casual workers who work  who are predominantly woman with kids..... Australian companies rely on them so please tweet to press the government to  include them in some sort of payment....."
"      A Govt which follows through; unlike Scott Morrison, and does not shut down newly created independent oversight boards after (ONE SITTING) designed to stop corruption at the ports where drugs get in."
"The day Morrison truly became our PM .  Peter Van Onselen gushes over Morrison who's just made a decision that he couldnt refuse.   It certainly wasnt his own. Back to the wall, had to agree. "
"Scott Morrison initially said no to a bigger wage subsidy, but we are glad he listened to Labor and changed his mind. Take a listen.  auspol "
"Scott Morrisons $130bn wages policy went against the Liberals traditional ideological preferences  which only makes the decision a stronger show of leadership, writes    auspol  "
"It's April 01, 2020 at 11:00AM and the current Australian Prime Minister is Scott Morrison."
"Scott Morrison saying he was going to footy and now wants everyone to stay home. People need clear policy from leaders not fumbling clods. We still dont know who let 2,700 people off a cruise liner in Sydney. "
"Huge surge in traffic to ATO website on the day wages subsidy was announced. ATO website had 1.1 million visits on Monday  double the traffic on the previous Monday, and nearly four times the number at a similar time last year "
"The way Scott Morrison is leading the country through these uncertain times requires an applause.   His tenacity and ability to lead us is undeniable.  I have no doubt once this is all done and he gets us through this pandemic, we will be acknowledging Sir Scott Morrison."
"    Comrade .....Scott Morrison says its not true !"
"This man is our Crime Minister!!!!  Prime Minister Scott Morrison Commits Australia to God  via  "
"Australia coronavirus live updates: death toll rises to 20 as pop-up clinic established in Bondi  latest news "
"        Yes, where's the Minister for Home Affairs or even Scott ""I stopped the boats"" Morrison on this?  COVID19au  auspol"
"Scott Morrison calls the Pacific our 'family'. Covid-19 is Australia's chance to prove that  "
"  That's great but didn't Scott Morrison announce that on Monday. This will confusing people. So If you've a negative geared investor and you've lost you job will a tenant who is still working be able to avoid paying rent. How will the land lord know? Where will they find details?"
"Scott Morrison steps up:   auspol  "
"Scott Morrison, Josh Frydenberg, Greg Hunt, &amp; Mathias Cormann are doing a magnificent job, under incredibly stressful circumstances. Support them! For the sake of all of us."
"The Guardian: Australia coronavirus live updates: death toll rises to 20 as Victoria announces $1.3bn intensive care boost  latest news.   via  "
"        Contact the Premier on Facebook or twitter. Contact local police. If all fails contact Scott Morrison."
"The Executive Director of ASGA, Shaun Bajada, congratulated Prime Minister Scott Morrison on the announcement of a $130bn wage subsidy package. The support measures are a positive step towards protecting businesses &amp; the vital employment they provide. "
"Australia coronavirus live updates: death toll rises to 20 as Victoria announces $1.3bn intensive care boost  latest news "
"  petition to help aprox 1 million Temp Migrants in Aus during this crisis has 2300 signatures in first 24 hours. Social distancing not possible if you can't go home &amp; you have no option other than looking for work. Rethink needed.   auspol  "
"Prime Minister Scott Morrison Commits Australia to God  via  "
"   Great job keeper  package from scott morrison but why exclude the most vulnerable. ......casual workers who work  who are predominantly woman with kids..... Australian companies rely on them so please tweet to press the government to  include them in some sort"
